title,platform,genre,metascore,userscore,rating,developer,summary
! That Bastard Is Trying To Steal Our Gold !,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,WTFOMGames,NaN
!nsane,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Visual Imagination Software,NaN
"Glow Ball" - The billiard puzzle game,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,WTFOMGames,NaN
"You have a choice. Make it.",PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Venusaur,NaN
#KILLALLZOMBIES,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Beatshapers,In the distant future; #KILLALLZOMBIES is thrusting civilians into a sport of survival were a ravenous zombie population is unleashed in the name of sports entertainment with television spectators voting upon how many zombies they want to uncage to make survival all the more harder for you to accomplish with the potential of a collective horde of over 1,000 zombies.
#SelfieTennis,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,VRUnicorns,NaN
$1 Ride,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,BeHappy Studios,NaN
'dillos,PC,Action,No score yet,3.8,NaN,Wreck Center Games LLC,The evil Constructo Corp has done the unthinkable! They've started constructing brand new buildings over the once peaceful homes of the 'dillos! Now the 'dillos have to fight back and show Constructo Corp they're not just going to roll into a ball and play dead! The 'dillos must strategically plant dynamite below the new establishments to obliterate them at just the right time! Now it's up to you to direct the 'dillos to the right spots and help save their home before Construct Corp ruins it completely!
'n Verlore Verstand,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Skobbejak Games,NaN
.EXE,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Two Man Army Games, L.L.C,NaN
//N.P.P.D. RUSH//- The milk of Ultraviolet,PC,Scrolling,No score yet,4.4,NaN,Rail Slave Games,Just how much Epicness can fit into this micro universe?? How fast can you go !! Blaze a trail of destruction around the open world city of Nauseous Pines. Take your experimental Police //RUSH// unit right into the heart of the action, race up the three tier city to save whats left of the cities junkies. 
//SNOWFLAKE TATTOO//,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Rail Slave Games,NaN
007 Legends,PC,Action,26,2.4,T,Eurocom Entertainment Software,007 Legends features an original, overarching storyline that explores Bond's journey from a newly-minted secret agent to the most beloved, or hated, spy legend there has ever been. Players experience the conscience and gritty evolution of James Bond by tying together 5 classic Bond movie-inspired missions: Moonraker, On Her Majesty's Secret Service, Die Another Day, Licence to Kill, and Goldfinger.  A 6th mission based on this year’s SKYFALL is available post-launch as DLC. Each of the 007 Legends movie-inspired missions include multiple levels based on a re-imaginings of some of the most iconic Bond films, showcasing state-of-the-art spy gadgets, an arsenal of weapons and tricked-out vehicles, exotic locales, and intense moments that require Bond’s dexterity to defeat notorious villains and their wiley henchmen.
007: NightFire,PC,Action,59,6.3,T,Gearbox Software,The ultimate secret agent is back in his most dangerous adventure yet in James Bond 007: NightFire. Explore new heights and depths like never before-infiltrate towering skyscrapers, take on treacherous underwater missions, and maneuver your sleek Aston Martin V12 Vanquish through the streets of Tokyo while turning on the Bond charm with glamorous (and sometimes deadly) Bond women. New state-of-the-art upgradeable gadgets and weapons and original missions including zero-gravity assignments will leave you shaken and stirred. [Electronic Arts]
007: Quantum of Solace,PC,Action,70,6.3,T,Treyarch,Introducing a more lethal and cunningly efficient Bond, the game blends intense first-person action with a unique third-person cover combat system that allows players to truly feel what it is like to be the ultimate secret agent as they use their stealth, precision shooting and lethal combat skills to progress through missions. Blending the action of the "Quantum of Solace" feature film with the "Casino Royale" movie, the title propels players into the cinematic experience of international espionage.  Based on the Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare game engine that has been specifically engineered to immerse players in the Bond universe, the Quantum of Solace game delivers high-definition graphics, reactive AI and visually stunning locations inspired by locales portrayed in the films. Quantum of Solace marks the first time players can become the dangerous and cunning Bond as portrayed by Daniel Craig. From silent take downs and sneaking through confined spaces, to one-on-one shoot outs and large scale battles, players experience a variety of gameplay that challenges them to think through situations and choose how they progress, whether it's through covert means or confronting enemies in full force. Advanced combat and Realistic AI: Players engage in both first-person and third-person gameplay that allows gamers to be Bond in unscripted battles against the world's most evil villains and mercenaries. Filled with armed combat, massive explosions and vertigo-inducing chases, gamers are immersed in an authentic Bond universe and drawn into epic movie moments with theatrical camera angles, split screen effects, picture-in-picture sequences, and amazing environments inspired by real world locations such as Montenegro, Venice, Bolivia and Austria. Bringing James Bond to next-gen consoles for the first time, gamers now have the ability to battle online in a variety of modes. [Activision]
0RBITALIS,PC,Miscellaneous,73,7.3,NaN,Alan Zucconi,0RBITALIS (don't call it "Orbitalis"!) is a satellite launching simulator with a retro-puzzle style. Launch your satellite into orbit and go head to head with the dominant force that formed the entire universe: Gravity. 
1 Moment Of Time: Silentville,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,2 Monkeys,NaN
1 vs 100 / Deal or No Deal 2 Pack,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,ValuSoft,Now you can have your very own Game Show Night. Play Deal or No Deal and 1 Vs. 100. Enjoy new challenges from 2 all-time classic games! 
1,000 Heads Among the Trees,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Aaron Oldenburg,NaN
1... 2... 3... KICK IT! Drop That Beat Like an Ugly Baby,PC,Action,No score yet,2.6,NaN,Dejobaan Games,Battle your favorite drum 'n' bass tracks, or zen out as you soar through that trance album. Kick It mines your existing MP3 music to build hovering, hallucinogenic worlds to fly and fight through.
10 Days to Save the World: The Adventures of Diana Salinger,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,FlyWheel Games,You only have 10 Days to Save the World! Find the secrets of an ancient amulet to stop flooding in Venice, a drought in Africa and the other disasters occurring all over the planet. Travel around the globe as you help Diana track down her father and explore the mysteries of the timeless amulet in this exciting Hidden Object game. Can you end the cataclysmic events and save the entire planet from destruction?
10 Days Under the Sea,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,FlyWheel Games,Do you believe in ghosts? If not, you'd better start, because in 10 Days Under the Sea, you'll be playing as one! When Carrie opens a compass belonging to her father, an old man appears, turns her into a phantom and says he'll restore her to the land of the living if she finds all of the treasures he lost in ten days. If you don't help Carrie meet her deadline, she'll be trapped forever in the spirit world!
10 Min Space Strategy,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,kalamona,NaN
10 Minute Barbarian,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Wolff Dobson,NaN
10 Minute Tower,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Team 17,NaN
10 Second Ninja,PC,Action,72,7.9,NaN,GameDesignDan,NaN
10 Second Ninja X,PC,Action,No score yet,4.8,NaN,Four Circle Interactive,10 SECOND NINJA X is a hardcore sidescroller. You're a ninja, there are robots, you've got ten seconds to destroy them all. Get three star ratings, climb leaderboards, discover secrets and stop Captain Greatbeard.
10 Talismans,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Nevosoft,Set to stunning oriental vistas, this puzzle game puts you on a quest to collect ten powerful talismans, which, according to legend, bring wisdom, power, and fortune. Unlock the talismans as you clear the golden tiles of the game board by matching swords, Tibetan coins, lanterns, bells, gongs, scrolls and other relics into groups of three or more.
10 Years After,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TenTreeGames,NaN
10,000,000,PC,Role-Playing,67,7.3,NaN,EightyEight Games LTD,10,000,000 is an award winning hybrid RPG/Action/Puzzle game. Matching tiles controls your character enabling you to explore, fight and loot.
100% Hidden Objects,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cerasus Media,Hidden Object fanatics, weve got just the game for you! Forget those long-winded stories and dive right into the hidden object scenes you love! Let your eyes feast on an abundance of HO scenes, with beautiful graphics and multiple game modes that let you control your gaming experience.
100% Orange Juice,PC,Other Strategy Games,No score yet,8.1,T,ORANGE_JUICE,100% Orange Juice is a goal-oriented boardgame played by OrangeJuice's all-star cast including characters from Acceleration of Suguri, Flying Red Barrel: A Diary of Little Aviator, Sora, and QP Shooting. This is a world where dogs, people and machines fly through the air. In that world, a small patch of darkness was born. Infinitesimal at first, it gradually began to envelope everything...
100,000 Games,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Viva Media, Viva Media, LLC,Get the biggest set of games ever with Viva Media's 100,000 Games. Games include: Mahjongg, Mega Pinball, Chess, King Solomon's Lost Mines Treasures, Diner Drop!, Hidden Object Mania, and Super Speedway.
1000 Amps,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.4,NaN,Brandon Brizzi,Light up the world! As Plug, you are charged with restoring the expansive Amp-Tree-System, and thwarting an enigmatic intruder. Solve puzzles and explore in 1000 Amps! Key Features: Illuminate the darkness by lighting up whatever you touch. Teleport into any un-occupied space with a simple mouse click.
1001 Jigsaw Earth Chronicles,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,8Floor,What do you know about our planet?
1001 Jigsaw Earth Chronicles 2,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,8Floor,What do you need to study our Earth? Textbooks? Scientific journals? Long journeys around the entire world? Study our incredible planet in the comfort of your own home! 1001 unique photos and a new jigsaw game to help you on your way! Animals from all corners of the Earth, the exotic botanical world, and the unseen depths of the ocean... What could be more exciting than seeing life on the planet Earth in all its variety? Continue your unbelievable journey to study our world in 1001 Jigsaw Earth Chronicles 2!
1001 Nights: The Adventures of Sindbad,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Alawar Entertainment, Inc, Alawar Entertainment,Help the lovely Princess Chalida locate the seven gems of her royal crown and break the curse that has trapped her in a body of wood! Find Hidden Objects, identify specific spots in each scene, and overcome powerful guardians as you seek out the precious stones. Along the way you'll have to solve dozens of clever riddles and beat eight challenging minigames, in 1001 Nights: The Adventures of Sinbad!
1001 Spikes,PC,Action,80,6.7,T,Nicalis,Discover the lost treasures of Ukampa in South America as Aban Hawkins searches for his estranged father, world-famous archaeologist Jim Hawkins. Before the elder Hawkins mysteriously disappeared, he entrusted his daughter Tina with a map to the location of the ruins with a grave warning that death awaits around every corner. Aban Hawkins races into the frozen tundra of the antarctic, undiscovered temple ruins, and the vast caverns of South America in search of his father and the legendary treasure rumored to lie behind the Golden Door of Poko-Mum.
101 Airborne: The Airborne Invasion of Normandy,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Empire Interactive,101 simulates the chaos of an airborne drop very well, and the level of detail is tremendous.
101 Bally Slots,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Masque Publishing,101 Bally Slots is a collection of authentic Bally slot machines.
101 Bunny Pets,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,Choose from over 101 cute, adorable bunnies - or simply adopt them all! You'll never be bored with so many fuzzy friends to groom, pamper, play with and love!
101 Pony Pets,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Global Software Publishing (GSP),Choose from over 101 cute, adorable ponies - or simply adopt them all! You can even raise a pet zebra or unicorn. Ride, groom, pamper, and love all your new pony friends!
101 Ways to Die,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,4 Door Lemon,In this puzzle-platformer you'll need creativity, cruelty and an absolute lack of morals as you help the evil Professor Splattunfuder complete his life's work -  to create the most horrific recipe book ever, 101 Ways To Die.
10Six,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,SegaSoft,SegaSoft's online stategy game allows up to one million players to play at once.
12 is Better Than 6,PC,Action,74,7.5,NaN,Ink Stains Games,12 is Better Than 6 is a dynamic top-down shooter with stealth elements, presented in a Wild West theme. The action takes place in 1873 – the noon of lawless and cruelty all over North America. 
12 Labours of Hercules,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.6,NaN,Zoom Out Games,Accompany Hercules on a quest to rescue his wife, kidnapped by the evil Hades in 12 Labours of Hercules! You'll meet heroes from Ancient Greece as you vanquish beasts, repair roads and construct wonders in this stunning Time Management game!
12 Labours of Hercules II: The Cretan Bull,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zoom Out Games,The evil goddess Hera has frightened the great Cretan bull! The bull is going wild and ruining the roads and many buildings. Help Hercules save the day by taming the great Cretan Bull.
12 Labours of Hercules III: Girl Power,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zoom Out Games,A hero from Ancient Greece, Hercules, is fighting the great beast Scylla, when lurking Charybdis captures his friend Cerberus! Then, unseen by Hercules, takes the hero himself. The only chance for Hercules is his wife Megara. Help Megara free the hero and then accompany him in all of his adventures, including the forest of the Amazons and Mount Olympus in 12 Labours of Hercules III: Girl Power!
12 Labours of Hercules IV: Mother Nature,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,JetDogs Studios,NaN
12 Labours of Hercules V: Kids of Hellas,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,JetDogs Studios,NaN
12 O'Clock High: Bombing the Reich,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,TalonSoft,12 O'Clock High is a meticulously researched wargame that unfortunately doesn't add up.
12 orbits,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Roman Uhlig,NaN
123 Slaughter Me Street,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Impulse Game Studios, LLC,NaN
140,PC,Action,80,7.4,NaN,Jeppe Carlsen,140 is a challenging minimalistic platformer with abstract colorful graphics. Rhythmic awareness is required to overcome obstacles controlled by an energetic, yet melancholic electronic soundtrack.
15 Days,PC,Adventure,63,5.8,NaN,DTP Entertainment,This game is about a political group of activists that steal from the rich and give back to the poor.
15 Defense. Underwater Battle,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Limavr,NaN
1503 A.D. - The New World,PC,Strategy,74,7.5,T,Sunflowers Interactive,(Also known as "Anno 1503") Lay Claim to the New World. The New World is yours for the taking in this epic saga of adventure and discovery. Establish prosperous colonies and live in peace with your neighbors. Or expand your empire through military might and conquer entire civilizations. The power is yours to forge an empire of your own design. [Electronic Arts]
16 Bit Arena,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,16bitarena.com,NaN
16 Bit Runner Full Throttle,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,PinkysSoft,NaN
16bit Trader,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Forever Entertainment S.A., Forever Entertainment,Take revenge on your fatherâ€™s killer, and become the richest merchant in the kingdom! Immerse yourself in this old-school nostalgia-inducing trading experience.Step into the shoes of a medieval traveling merchant, whose life boils down to one simple sentence: you got to buy cheap, and you got to sell high. Travel between the cities and villages of the realm in search of cheap goods to acquire, various quests to accomplish and wealth to accumulate. Visit local taverns for latest local gossip. Gain influential friends who may help you along the way. Hire companions to assist you if you run into vile bandits or unpredictable events. Pursue rumors of great harvest and goods shortages to find the best deals. Search for local people in need and they may reward you handsomely for your help. Expand your company, invest in it, and get rich in no time! And if youâ€™re for a bit of a thrill, visit ancient landmark and search for valuable artifacts. Take the challenge and become the richest merchantman in the world and get revenge!Play at your own pace. Casually travel through the realm if you want to relax. Monitor every price change, pursue every rumor, manage every detail if you want to achieve best results!- Dozens of different cities and villages- Tens of various quests to accomplish- Great graphics with an old-school 8-bit vibe- Easy to get to know, hard to master- Random encounters
1701 A.D.,PC,Strategy,79,8.3,E10+,Related Designs,(Known as "Anno 1701" in the UK/EU)  1701 A.D. is a unique empire building simulation set in the 17th century. In this third episode of the incredibly successful series, players are immersed in the golden age of exploration and trade, where they set out to discover and inhabit new islands – islands that will soon be home to huge cities. Players are tasked with establishing, expanding and maintaining a flourishing medieval metropolis while interacting with other players through trade, diplomacy or military conflicts. 1701 A.D. presents players with a 3D gaming world bursting with life from the vibrant citizens, to the incredibly varied flora and fauna to detailed animated animals. [Aspyr]
1701 A.D. Gold Edition,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Related Designs,1701 A.D. Gold Edition takes players to an 18th-century land under the Queen's orders to develop settlements and grow a massive empire. Players must keep their citizenry happy by developing and acquiring goods to satisfy their ever-growing needs while working to gain the upper hand on opponents. Gamers will challenge wily AI antagonists, each with unique personalities and traits, or take on human opposition online and interact with them through diplomacy, trade, sabotage, espionage and even military might in order to reign supreme in the New World.
1775: Rebellion,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,HexWar Games Ltd,NaN
18 Wheels of Steel: American Long Haul,PC,Simulation,No score yet,6.9,E,SCS Software,North America’s open roads await! You ain't working for the Man any more! You're the owner of your own trucking business and you call the shots. Build your empire one rig at a time to dominate the roadways and outbid the competition. Can you handle the pressure? Your American Dream starts behind the wheel of your own big rig. Bid – May the best man win. Do you take what the company is bidding for a job or do you move on and lose valuable time? Remember – Profit is King. Haul – Start behind the wheel transporting 45+ types of cargo including livestock, chemicals, and mobile homes, cross country to bring in the big bucks. Handle – These beasts don’t drive themselves! Back up to loading docks, manage your fuel, and maintain your trucks in peak condition. Dominate – Move it better and faster than your competition. Build your reputation coast to coast as you long haul across 48 states, Canada and now Mexico! Grow - Build your business and add rigs to your fleet. Own up to 37 mammoth machines and trailers. [ValuSoft]
18 Wheels of Steel: Big City Rigs,PC,Driving,No score yet,2.8,E,NaN,NaN
18 Wheels of Steel: Convoy,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,SCS Software,18 Wheels of Steel: Convoy is the fourth game in the 18 Wheels of Steel value series.
18 Wheels of Steel: Extreme Trucker,PC,Driving,No score yet,8.0,E,NaN,You 'da Boss! Move it better and faster while staying alive. Build your reputation and your empire in the far corners of the world as you haul across the most extreme conditions and loads. Grab the wheel and hop in – is your heart pounding yet? Haul extreme cargo - from diamonds to oil pipes – across 3 death-defying terrains. Throw your weight around – jump behind the wheel of over 25+ unique rigs and 30+ types of loads. Extreme Caution - Feel the power and adrenaline of driving terrains that no sane trucker would take on. Extreme Locations!  Travel across 3 hair-raising terrains including ice, dry desert and gnarly jungle. Your life is on the line!  Drive terrains that don’t forgive your mistakes - do the job well or you might die trying. Extreme Loads! Transport loads that would even scare your grandma – maximum/minimum loads, oversized loads, high risk cargo and more! These beasts don’t drive themselves!  Back up to loading docks, manage your fuel, and maintain your trucks in peak condition. Extreme Deadlines! Achieve the unachievable by delivering your loads under deadline. [ValuSoft]
18 Wheels of Steel: Extreme Trucker 2,PC,Driving,No score yet,8.3,E,ValuSoft,18 Wheels of Steel: Extreme Trucker 2 puts you in control of a trucker as you take the show on the road.
18 Wheels of Steel: Haulin',PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,SCS Software,Life on the road is filled with obstacles. Do you have the juice to go from gearjammer to boss man in the trucking business? Climb in the cab and find out! You're steering the whole operation, from choosing the trucks to hiring the drivers in your fleet. Avoid the hazards and you'll be haulin' it in. But, make too many wrong turns along the way and it could be a lost cause.
18 Wheels of Steel: Pedal to the Metal,PC,Driving,No score yet,9.1,E,SCS Software,Players are the boss and call the shots in 18 Wheels of Steel: Pedal to the Metal. Gamers will start off as a trucker...and retire a tycoon as they get behind the wheel of 35 different big rig trucks, including 18 wheelers, flatbeds and tankers. They will earn the big bucks to buy their own truck, build their business and hire drivers to do the dirty work. Bidding on jobs, weighing the hazards and payoffs of each delivery, gamers will then hit the road to deliver their goods faster than the competition. Logging thousands of miles, from Mexico to Canada and sea to shining sea, with tons of cargo and thousands of dollars behind them, gamers will navigate real world conditions that stand between them and their deadline. Maneuvering around road hazards, accidents and severe weather, players will also have to navigate bustling city traffic, dodge speeding tickets, stop at weigh stations, refuel at truck stops, and avoid falling asleep at the wheel. Building a successful trucking business depends on receiving the maximum payout from each delivery. Overloaded or carelessly handled goods will slow delivery times and reduce payments. As players progress they will use their cash reserves to upgrade their truck, buy a new one and hire drivers to build their trucking empire. [ValuSoft]
1848,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hussar Games,1848 is a turn based war simulator where you play out the Hungarian Independence War of 1848-1849.
1849,PC,Strategy,60,tbd,NaN,SomaSim,1849 is a city management game set during the California Gold Rush. Your task is to build towns, populate them with workers, and make sure that they are housed, fed, and entertained. You’ll have to manage and coordinate extensive production and trade networks to make sure your towns thrive.
1849: Gold Edition,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,SomaSim,NaN
1893: A World's Fair Mystery,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Peter Nepstad,Precious diamonds were stolen from a fairgrounds exhibit, and you've been called upon to help solve the mystery. As you explore hundreds of locations on the fairgrounds and meet with dozens of characters, you can record your adventures with more than 500 archival photographs. The clues you uncover lead you to a variety of challenging puzzles. You'll soon discover that this case is much more than a simple theft; it soon involves kidnapping, and then murder--and you are at the center of it all.
1914 Shells of Fury,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E10+,rondomedia,Set in WWI, 1914 Shells of Fury is the first WWI submarine simulation to be released. Players have command of their very own WWI Submarine from the German Emperor’s fleet. Prepare to participate in exciting underwater missions from WWI, and work out detailed strategies using powerful weapons. Take command and control of the various missions given, while roaming across the ocean. Players must use tactical skills in order to survive and move ahead of the opponent. [Strategy First]
1916 - Der Unbekannte Krieg,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Kriegsgraben und Stormvogel,NaN
1917: The Alien Invasion,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Andrade Games,NaN
1931: Scheherazade at the Library of Pergamum,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Black Chicken Studios,1931: Scheherazade at the Library of Pergamum is an adventure game where you will have to help Scheherazade save the world from a sinister mastermind.
1943 Megami Strike,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,GameUS Inc.,NaN
1953 - KGB Unleashed,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,6.5,NaN,Phantomery Interactive,Developed by Phantomery Interactive, 1953 - KGB Unleashed is a tense and atmospheric First Person Adventure set deep within the bowels of a Soviet bunker during the Cold War. Players must uncover the dark and horrific secrets buried within, fighting their own paranoia along the way as well as the possibility of all-too-real terrors within the bunker.
1953: NATO vs Warsaw Pact,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Wastelands Interactive,NaN
1954: Alcatraz,PC,Puzzle,58,6.4,NaN,Daedalic Entertainment,1954: Alcatraz takes place in San Francisco during the 50s and tells the story of Joe, who's serving a sentence of 40 years for armed assault. Of course, he's eager to escape 'The Rock'; but he needs the help of his wife, Christine, to have even the slightest chance.
1979 Revolution: Black Friday,PC,Adventure,80,7.8,NaN,N-Fusion Interactive Entertainment Corp., iNK Stories,1979 Revolution: Black Friday is choice driven, narrative game that brings players into the brooding world of a nation on the verge of collapse. Play as Reza, an aspiring photojournalist, and make life and death decisions as you survive the gritty streets of Iran in the late 1970’s.
1993 Space Machine,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Modesty,NaN
199X,PC,Action,No score yet,6.5,NaN,Evan Tognotti,199X is a two to three hour narrative adventure, split into seven playable days. It's written by Evan Tognotti, and features a full-length original soundtrack from acoustic person Kearney. 
1HEART,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Chicken in The Corn,NaN
1nsane,PC,Driving,69,8.5,E,Invictus,Forget rules, forget roads, Insane takes you to the world's most extreme locations and lets you drive all over them. Put your foot down and take on Internet players from across the globe. It's not just driving -- it's driving you mad.  [Codemasters]
1Quest,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Ratz 'N' Godz,NaN
2 Fast Driver,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,PLAY Software, K-Tech,NaN
2-Imagine,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,OvercastGames,NaN
20 Questions,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Elephant Entertainment,Test your wits in the PC version of the classic guessing game.
200% Mixed Juice!,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,ORANGE_JUICE, 200% Mixed Juice! is the 10th Anniversary game of OrangeJuice, an old school RPG featuring a 200% mix of OrangeJuice characters. 
2002 FIFA World Cup,PC,Sports,80,7.8,E,EA Sports,The official soccer game of the 2002 Korea/Japan World Cup features new "Air Play" gameplay with intuitive one-button headers, volleys, scissor kicks, juggling and showboating. New player-to-player animations allow for agressive jostling for the ball on the ground and in the air. The Tournament Mode features a seven game series beginning with round-robin play, followed by playoffs leading to the final match with a progressive story line and a rising intensity as you advance. [EA Sports]
2012,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gliese Games,NaN
2020: Divided Nation,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Wonderwall Studios,NaN
21 Steps to Soul,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Grigory Everstov,NaN
2299: The Game,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Bryan Lunduke,NaN
24 HOURS,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,MysticGames,NaN
24 Hours 'til Rescue,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,FlynnFour Games,NaN
25 to Life,PC,Action,39,5.1,M,Ritual Entertainment, Avalanche Software,25 to Life is the game the streets have been waiting for. Play as either cops or gangsters in this urban third person shooter. The game delivers intense Online gameplay for up to 16 players, as well as a rich single player experience. Set in the heart of today's cities, experience the gritty lifestyles of police task forces or as a gangster survive the local neighborhood thugs while fighting your way up the inner sanctum of the drug lord's mansion, your knowledge of the streets will be put to the test because...25 to Life IS the streets! [Eidos Interactive]
A Bastard's Tale,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,No Pest Productions,Deep game play mechanics were blocking is no longer passive. You have to constantly watch how the enemy attack and adapt your stance thereafter. Similarly, attacks are dependent on how the enemy defends. 
A Bird Story,PC,Action,66,7.3,NaN,Freebird Games,From the developer of To the Moon: A simple and surreal hour-long short about a boy and an injured bird -- a light interactive animation without dialogue. An interactive pixel animation with the sole purpose of telling a simple story. It is a standalone narrative with its own discrete beginning and end.
A Blind Legend,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,DOWINO,NaN
A Boy and His Blob,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Abstraction Games,Marking the 20th anniversary of this NES classic, a boy and his blob is a rebirth of this fan favorite title that expands upon the original platform adventure. This Wii exclusive is a heartwarming story of friendship that challenges players to work together with their new blob friend to solve puzzles, defeat monsters and escape danger on Earth and Blobolonia. By feeding the blob jelly beans, players can activate his special abilities to transform him into helpful tools - including a ladder, trampoline, parachute, cannon, shield and many more.  Every different blob form aids the boy as he navigates 40 side-scrolling levels filled with hidden treasures and unlockable bonus content.
A Camp in the Woods,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TheckStudios,NaN
A Chair in a Room : Greenwater,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Wolf & Wood Interactive Ltd,NaN
A City Sleeps,PC,Action,61,6.3,NaN,Harmonix Music Systems,A City Sleeps follows Poe, youngest member of The Silk, an ancient clan of dream exorcists that can enter the minds of sleeping hosts to rid their dreams of demons. When the residents of SanLo fall into an endless slumber, only Poe can rescue them from a never-ending nightmare. Equipped with her legendary Koto-sword “Heartstrings”, and flanked by her stable of powerful ghost familiars, she must cleanse their dreams, and uncover the city’s dark secrets. 
A Date in the Park,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cloak and Dagger Games,NaN
A Day In The Woods,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,RetroEpic Software,NaN
A dead world's dream,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,JoqLePecheur,NaN
A Detective's Novel,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Amaterasu Software,NaN
A Divided Light,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Pinky Up Games,NaN
A dragon girl looks up at the endless sky,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Debonosu Seisakujo,NaN
A Druid's Duel,PC,Strategy,70,tbd,NaN,Thoughtshelter Games,A Druid's Duel is a fast paced turn-based strategy game set in a world of Celtic lore where players can create and destroy the board by harnessing the power of nature.
A Fairy Tale,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Reflexive Entertainment,NaN
a Family of Grave Diggers,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Ludvig Larsson,NaN
A Farewell To Dragons,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.6,NaN,KranX Productions, Arise,A Farewell to Dragons is a classic Action/RPG that takes place in the universe based on the fantasy book written by famous Russian writers Sergey Lukyanenko and Nikolay Perumov. Fateful times began in the Middle World, from now on its destiny depends on Victor, main character of the game. He will learn the magic of four elements, master the Power and fulfill his destiny. Leaded by young sorceress Telle the hero has to grasp in intrigues, experience himself and accept his fate. Will he become Dragon the Created or Dragon Slayer? 
A Fear Of Heights, And Other Things,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Fulby Technologies,NaN
A Fistful of Gun,PC,Action,60,7.9,NaN,FarmerGnome,Select one of eleven unique playable gunslingers and seek revenge in Nine player Online Co-Op or Local couch Co-Op. Master the specialized controls of each character, collect gold from fallen foes to purchase upgrades, get totally drunk and unleash a tornado of lead across the dusty plains.
A Force More Powerful,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,BreakAway Games,NaN
A Fork in the Tale,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,T,Advance Reality Interactive,From the first sequence to the last, it's a constant barrage of fast-paced frustration.
A Game of Changes,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nuno Donato,NaN
A Game of Dwarves,PC,Strategy,60,6.6,NaN,Zeal Game Studios,The gameplay consists of ordering the inhabitants of a dwarven settlement to dig, build and conduct research in order to strengthen the clan, whilst defending themselves from the terrible beasts from the depths into which they delve. The game generates a unique world each time a new level starts, making sure that the player needs to dynamically adapt their strategies and tactics during a session. As the player advances, the dwarves will level up and gain new skills, progressing from weak dwarflings to near immortal warriors or master craftsmen. There are also rare resources to be found deeper in the earth that grant access to better buildings and equipment. However, the deeper you dig the more dangerous foes you might unleash…
A Game of Dwarves: Ale Pack,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zeal Game Studios,NaN
A Game of Dwarves: Star Dwarves,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zeal Game Studios,NaN
A Game of Thrones: Genesis,PC,Strategy,53,4.0,NaN,Cyanide,A Game of Thrones: Genesis is a new PC strategy game that is adapted from George R.R. Martin's series of best-seller novels "A Song of Ice and Fire." 
A Golden Wake,PC,Miscellaneous,68,6.0,NaN,Grundislav Games,A Golden Wake is a nostalgic adventure that spans two dramatic decades in American history. Set in the era of Gatsby with a plot that includes real people, locations, and events, A Golden Wake has story- and puzzle-driven gameplay, retro-styled pixel art, and a point-and-click interface reminiscent of classics like King's Quest and Monkey Island. Alfie's power of persuasion will play a unique role as he analyzes other characters' attitudes and weaknesses to figure out the best way to approach them.
A Good  Gardener,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Ian Endsley,In A Good Gardener, the player is charged with producing crops for a war effort. In contrast with our last game, “Little Party”, there is a nearly total void of information about the player-character. Periodically, the player-character is visited by their “supervisor” and it is through the supervisor’s opinion of the player-character, that the player can reflect. The game’s loop is designed to be repetitive and peaceful, the garden filling slowly with plants, and is broken only by the supervisors infrequent visits. This player’s thoughts during this time become the player-character’s thoughts: “What am I doing?”, “Is this all I can do?”, “Am I doing the right thing?”
A Good Snowman Is Hard To Build,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Draknek,A puzzle game about being a monster and crafting snowmen. 
A grande bagunca espacial - The big space mess,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,RMAL,NaN
A Gypsy's Tale: The Tower of Secrets,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Amaranth Games, ChaYoWo Games,Gypsy's Tale is an adventure game with a mix of puzzles that are both logical and old-school adventures. 
A Healer Only Lives Twice,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,PonPon Games,NaN
A Hero's Quest,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Ekip,NaN
A House in California,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cardboard Computer,A surreal, narrative game about four characters who bring a house to life with environments and activities drawn from a combination of memory, research, poetry, and fantasy.
A House of Many Doors,PC,Strategy,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Pixel Trickery,NaN
A Kingdom for Keflings,PC,Strategy,No score yet,7.5,E,NinjaBee,Educate and train your Keflings to become workers, scholars, even Mayor of the city! Build your kingdom alone or cooperatively with up to three of your friends online. The more you build, the more buildings you unlock and the more Keflings you attract, so start building today! City-building fun: In an original approach to a well-loved genre, A Kingdom for Keflings features a large avatar interacting with the Keflings, resources, and buildings of a small village. Resources and Keflings can be converted from one type to another. Buildings can be built and upgraded with a combination of specific resources and specific Kefling types. Buildings in turn make new resources and Kefling types available, unlock new building types, attract more Keflings, and achieve other game goals.
A Kiss for the Petals - Remembering How We Met,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,St. Michael's Girls School,NaN
A Land Fit For Heroes,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Liber Primus Games,NaN
A Legend of Luca,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Legend Studio,A Legend of Luca is a VR FPS Rogue-Lite in a Zelda-Like world that uses screen scrolling where the player explores dungeons of many linked rooms to defeat bosses and gain their weapons. Player movement and camera using Room Scale VR via the HTC Vive.
A Lenda do Heroi,PC,Action,No score yet,7.3,NaN,Dumativa Creative Studio,NaN
A Little Lily Princess,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hanabira,NaN
A Long Way Home,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Jonathan Mulcahy,End of the Year Sale!You have been stranded 100 light years from Earth, can you survive the long way home? After a catestrophic ship explosion, you must make your way home 1 light year at a time. Encounter exploding asteroids, teleporting dark matter, comets and more on your epic journey home.A Long Way Home is a action / physics / puzzle game set in space. Making you way through 100 levels across 10 stages you must jump from asteroid to asteroid collecting enough dark matter to open a portal to the next level.FEATURING: - GAMECENTER Leaderboards for each stage- 100 Levels - Physics Style Gameplay- 3 Control Types (Accelerometer, Hot Zones and Onscreen Buttons)- Stunning Graphics- Fantastic Ambient MusicREVIEWS:CNET Australia's App of the Day on March 22, 2012"A Long Way Home has all the hallmarks for an indie sleeper hit on the iPad." - Pocket Gamer"Not many mobile or tablet games actually evoke an emotional response, but this game does." - The Smart Phone App Review""If you're up for patient, thoughtful gameplay that makes for an evocative experience, you should give A Long Way Home a shot." - Touch Arcade4 Stars - Touch Arcade"Only a handful of games for the iPad can produce an emotional response, as A Long Way Home did for me. I hope it can do the same for you." - Appolicious
A Mass of Dead,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dev Arc,NaN
A Matter of Murder,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Worthing & Moncrieff,A Matter of Murder is a point-and-click puzzle game with rogue-like elements. The details of each murder are procedurally generated, so each case is different every time you play with progressively more challenging logic puzzles.
A Midsummer Night's Choice,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Choice of Games,In this Shakespearean comedy adventure, can forbidden love conquer adorable fairy outlaws? Magic, bears, and cross-dressing disguises await in the forest! A Midsummer Night's Choice" is a 190,000-word interactive fantasy novel by Kreg Segall, where your choices control the story. It's entirely text-based--without graphics or sound effects--and fueled by the vast, unstoppable power of your imagination.
A Nation of Wind,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NationOfWindDev,NaN
A New Beginning: Final Cut,PC,Adventure,72,6.7,NaN,Daedalic Entertainment,In the eco-thriller A New Beginning from Daedalic Entertainment, Fay teams up with scientist Bent Svensson to try and stem the tide of the ecological disaster that causes the extinction of mankind. Players will experience an absorbing adventure about the most important issue of our times. At locations around the globe, it is up to them to change the course of history - with the whole world hanging in the balance.
A Night in the Woods,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,AmyDentata,NaN
A Pixel Escape,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Kunga Brothers,NaN
A Pixel Story,PC,Action,74,5.8,NaN,Lamplight Studios,A Pixel Story is a sinister 2D puzzle platformer that charts the evolution of video games. You have to use your Magical Teleportation Hat to explore six increasingly detailed zones on your mission to reach the core of The System to stop the evil OS and save the world.
A Princess' Tale,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warfare Studios,Life's good when you're the Princess; no responsibilities, nobody telling you
A Quiet Weekend in Capri,PC,Adventure,63,7.4,E,Silvio & Gey Savarese,In what becomes anything but a quiet weekend in Capri, this magical island off the coast of Italy serves as backdrop to a captivating mystery. As a tourist visiting the enchanting Isle of Capri for the first time, you are unexpectedly transported into a mysterious scenario, no longer of certain where you are or which way to turn. Regaining your senses, you begin to explore the island, encountering interesting characters and intriguing clues. You wander through magical gardens, seashores, churches, monuments, villas, and old Roman ruins. To unravel this mystery, you must utilize strange inventions by an eccentric island scientist, along with your own deductive reasoning. [Got Game]
A Quiver of Crows,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sheado.net, A twin-stick shmup set in a grim world cursed by demons and ghouls.
A Room Beyond,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Rene Buhling,NaN
A Sirius Game,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,RP,Phantasm Game Studio,The Story - It all started on a nice, bright and sunny day. Sirius, an arrogant brat, gets thrown out of his house by his father after a squabble. Now he gets set to take revenge of this petty disgrace. He takes his battle ship and heads into the ocean. The spoilt child now has to perform tasks like escorting merchant ships safely to ports, trading items and fighting off magical creatures. He needs to put away his pride and act all goody-goody to secure contracts. But wait! Does life finally teach Sirius a lesson? Or is it all lost in his thirst for petty vengeance?
A Story About My Uncle,PC,Action,73,7.5,NaN,Gone North Games,A Story About My Uncle is a first person platforming adventure game about a boy who searches for his lost uncle, and ends up in a world he couldn’t imagine existed. Take help of your uncle’s mysterious inventions that let you jump incredibly high and far through beautiful scenery, uncover clues to your uncle’s whereabouts, and meet fantastical creatures that will help you on your journey.
A Stranger Comes Calling,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Oh, a Rock! Studios,Help Awkward Steve psych himself up to answer the door in this brand-new INTERACTIVE FMV THRILLER! Lower his Anxiety by hiding under tables, petting rabbits and more, so he can build the courage to open up when... A Stranger Comes Calling.
A Stroke of Fate: Operation Bunker,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Spline,NaN
A Stroke of Fate: Operation Valkyrie,PC,Adventure,58,5.2,NaN,Spline,A detective game set in the 1940s in fascist Germany in which you attempt to assassinate Adolf Hitler.
A Study in Steampunk: Choice by Gaslight,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hosted Games,NaN
A Tale in the Desert,PC,Role-Playing,79,8.3,NaN,eGenesis,The ancient Egyptians wrote about Seven Disciplines of Man: Leadership, Thought, The Human Body, Architecture, Worship, Conflict, and Art. They believed that if a man could achieve perfection in all seven, he'd live forever. A Tale in the Desert centers around the tests, which measure your skill in the seven disciplines. They don't measure your character's abilities --- they measure your abilities. That's a big difference. For example, to advance in leadership, you'll actually need to be able to convince people to do things. To advance in conflict, you'll need real tactical and strategic ability. To advance in art, you'll need artistic talent. All of the tests share one thing in common: your goal is to affect your fellow players. In conflict, you must defeat them. In architecture, you must outbuild them. In worship, you must coordinate them. No matter the discipline, passing a test revolves around other players. [eGenesis]
A Tale in the Desert II,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,eGenesis,A Tale in the Desert II follows up the original with the ability to build cities without crowding restrictions, faster traveling, and new professions.
A Tale in the Desert III,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,eGenesis,A Tale in the Desert III continues the social building MMO set in ancient Egypt, where players work together to build a society. 
A Tale of 2 Towers,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Kabattle,NaN
A Tale of Two Kingdoms,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Crystal Shard,A Tale of Two Kingdoms is a full-length graphical adventure with a mood of fairy tales, magic, and intrigue, and strives to be one of the best AGS games yet.
A Valley Without Wind,PC,Action Adventure,54,6.8,T,Arcen Games, LLC,AVWW is a complete departure from what Arcen has previously developed  in terms of genre. Set in a post-ice-age world in the distant future,  the game focuses on survival and exploration.
A Valley Without Wind 2,PC,Action,68,7.2,NaN,Arcen Games, LLC,A Valley Without Wind 2 is a modern take on the 16-bit era that blends a variety of mechanics across multiple genres.
A Vampyre Story,PC,Adventure,75,8.5,T,Autumn Moon,A Vampyre Story is the creation of Bill Tiller and his studio Autumn Moon Entertainment. A former employee of Lucas Arts, Tiller won himself a place in the hearts of adventure fans through his work on titles such as Steven Spielberg's "The Dig," the whip-cracking "Indiana Jones," and the legendary "The Curse of Monkey Island." The game tells the tale of the beautiful, gifted opera singer Mona De Lafitte, whose life is brought to an abrupt end by a vampire baron named Shrowdy Von Kiefer. Henceforth, she is doomed to a miserable existence as a creature of the night in Von Kiefer's gloomy castle. Confronted with her seemingly hopeless fate, she decides to run away and try to fulfil her dream of singing at the Paris Opera. Accompanied by her mischievous bat Froderick, Mona must face a number of challenges in her odyssey and learn not only to accept her vampire nature, but also to use her newly acquired vampiric abilities to her advantage. [93 Games]
A Verdant Hue,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Spilt Milk Studios Ltd,NaN
A Virus Named TOM,PC,Miscellaneous,65,6.3,NaN,Misfits Attic,An Action-puzzler. The puzzle comes from rearrange circuits to spread the virus. The Action comes from dodging anti-virus drones while doing it. Itï¿½s one of the few puzzle games out there where you can play co-operatively (with up to 3 friends). But if you tire of working together, there is a battle mode where you can take on your friends to see who is the supreme virus.
A Walk in the Dark,PC,Action,67,5.7,NaN,Flying Turtle Software,In this action platformer you play as a cat, Bast, running through a dark fantasy world. You'll be running, jumping and sliding with smooth and precise controls designed to make you feel like a cat. But it wont be easy. In the dark you never know what lies in the shadows. In this dark journey you will face strange creatures and dangerous traps.
A Week of Circus Terror,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Richard Harasim,NaN
A Wild Catgirl Appears!,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NewWestGames,NaN
A Wise Use of Time,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Choice of Games,With the power to freeze time, you can ransack a casino, rescue a celebrity, or cheat death itself. An interactive sci-fi novel. 
A Wizard's Lizard,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.1,NaN,Lost Decade Games, LLC,NaN
A Wizard's Lizard: Soul Thief,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lost Decade Games, LLC,NaN
A Wolf in Autumn,PC,First-Person,No score yet,tbd,NaN,jefequeso1,A dark, surreal psychological horror game, in which a young girl finds herself locked in a shed, in the middle of an idyllic autumn forest. 
A World of Keflings,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E10+,NinjaBee,Play as a giant to help the tiny Keflings build up and beautify their Kingdom. Start out small, unlocking new blueprints, buildings and tasks as you work towards designing and building a Kefling castle. Create your own private world, or construct a kingdom with your friends online!
A-10 Cuba!,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Match Software,Longtime flight-sim fans will take to the realism of A-10 Cuba! like ducks to water, and forgive it its shortcomings.
A-10 VR,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Futuretown,NaN
A-10A: DCS Flaming Cliffs,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,T,Eagle Dynamics,NaN
A-Gents,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,phime studio,NaN
A-Men,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Bloober Team,A-Men, the military strategy title for PlayStation 3 system, unfolds at A-Cor, the world's biggest producer of the robot soldiers, where a massive explosion at the factory has accidentally released hundreds of lethal A-Droids. Get rid of them before they cause chaos around the globe.Embark on a journey through a series of vividly different worlds, featuring multiple challenges with many ways to pass a level and resolve puzzles. Then revisit each level to improve your score and refine your strategy skills. A-Men is highly tactical and completely addictive, immediately easy to play and yet like many truly classic games it is hard to master and even more difficult to master with style - especially when you get beyond the middle levels. A-Men is Cross Play compatible with PlayStation Vita system.
A-Men 2,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Bloober Team,Prepare yourself for another journey through series of new worlds, featuring multiple challenges with many ways to pass a level and resolve puzzles. Highly tactical, completely addictive, A-MEN 2 is easy to play but still hard to master.
A-Train 9,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Artdink,In this 3D simulation game, you'll take control of a fledgling railway company on a quest to amass a fortune and develop a bustling metropolis.
A-Train 9 V3.0: Railway Simulator,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Artdink,A city simulation game with an emphasis on the railway system. Your company is primarily a railway enterprise, but you'll also need to construct buildings, roads, factories, and many other subsidiaries to attract customers for your railways. 
A-Train 9 V4.0 : Japan Rail Simulator,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Artdink,NaN
A.I. Invasion,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,GameArt Studio GmbH,NaN
A.I. Space Corps,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,GameArt Studio GmbH,NaN
A.I.M. 2: Clan Wars,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,SkyRiver Studios,A.I.M. 2 is the sequel to the epic science fiction first-person action RPG developed by SkyRiver Studios. Its story and unique look lift off exactly where the original ended. New clans led by Mechminds of the Fifth Generation are powerful and well-organized formations with far-reaching plans. 
A.I.M. Racing,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,SkyRiver Studios,A.I.M. Racing welcomes you to the planet Polygon-4, where deadly vehicles of the distant future compete, swishing planet's dusty atmosphere at a tremendous pace. There is no need to save money to buy a new glider, no need to think, where you can acquire energy supply for a more powerful canon. The clan will give you everything - but you must win!
A.R.C.S,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Retromite,NaN
A.R.E.S. Extinction Agenda,PC,Action,68,6.2,NaN,EXTEND Interactive, LLC., Extend Interactive,A.R.E.S.: Extinction Agenda is the first chapter of a full-featured episodic action-packed side-scroller.
A.R.E.S. Extinction Agenda EX,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Extend Studio,In the year 2060 Earth has reached the stars, during that time an alliance was formed with a Robotic Alien race which the humans call Atzai. The Atzai gave humans the means to end the pollution plaguing their planet by building the Minos Space Station, which the waste of Earth is used to form efficient forms of energy for space travel. For once Earth was at peace, and a strong bond forged between Human and Machine. However not all Atzai agreed with helping the warmonger human race, and slowly rebel factions formed inside the Atzai ranks.
A.R.E.S.: Berzerker Suit,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,EXTEND Interactive, LLC., Extend Interactive,NaN
A.Typical RPG,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Pyrodactyl,NaN
A.V.,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,FirstForever,NaN
A340 500/600,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Just Flight,NaN
AaaaaAAaaaAAAaaAAAAaAAAAA!!! - Brutal Concussion,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dejobaan Games,NaN
AaaaaAAaaaAAAaaAAAAaAAAAA!!! for the Awesome,PC,Action,No score yet,6.8,NaN,Dejobaan Games,AaaaaAAaaaAAAaaAAAAaAAAAA!!! for the Awesome is a semi-sequel to Dejobaan's award-winning 2009 title, AaaaaAAaaaAAAaaAAAAaAAAAA!!! -- A Reckless Disregard for Gravity. The new game brings you 82 remastered levels from the original and 43 brand new ones that are twice as fast!
B-17 Flying Fortress: The Mighty 8th,PC,Simulation,82,7.3,M,Wayward Simulations,Feel the power of really flying a B-17! See what it was like to be part of the 10-man crew on dangerous bombing missions over occupied Europe. Outstanding graphics, animations, and sounds realistically recreate every aspect of the strategic air war in WWII.  [Hasbro Interactive]
B-17 Gunner: Air War Over Germany,PC,Simulation,46,tbd,T,Sunstorm Interactive,The 390th Bombardment Group in Tuscon, Arizona, was actually consulted on this budget-priced, arcade-style, airborne shooting gallery in which the player goes for high scores by nailing as many German planes as possible in a series of short "mission" stages.
B.A.D Battle Armor Division,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,CrianSoft,NaN
Babel Deluxe,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zylom,Put your mind to the test with twenty-five different word games.  Succeed, and watch your tower grow--fail, and watch it fall!
Babel Rising,PC,Strategy,No score yet,2.9,E10+,Mondo Productions,Ubisoft's Babel Rising is the next-generation version of the popular iPhone game of the same name. In Babel Rising, gamers play as God, preventing humans from building the tower of Babel. Gamers can use their divine powers by hurling bolts of lightning, summoning massive earthquakes or unleashing gigantic floods upon the Babylonians. Developer Mando Productions has breathed new life into the game with 3D graphics and competitive and cooperative multiplayer modes.
Babel Rising - Sky's The Limit,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mondo Productions,Babel Rising adds additional content that will test your almighty powers in your quest to thwart mankind from constructing the towers of Babel. In Skys the Limit, unleash your wrath and command the elements to defeat your targets and defend your reign over Babylon! 
Babel Running,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Bulkypix,Welcome to Babel Running! Your mission: bring as many stones as possible to the Tower of Babel to build the structure that will get you closer to the Gods. Beware of the godly wrath and the numerous obstacles you will find on your way! Improve your score and beat your friends' records on an unlimited journey. And for even more fun? The Bonus mode will spice up the race: intensified rhythm, invicibility, super score multiplier...
Babel: Choice,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sogoal,NaN
Babel: Tower to the Gods,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Ruce,NaN
Baby Blimp,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Youda Games,NaN
Baby Blues,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Kumi,NaN
Baby Jones,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Graffiti Games Desenvolvimento de Jogos Ltda,Take part in this game on the role of a sort of angel character!Help out Baby Jones, our little adventurer, through obstacles and get him safe to the end of each challenge.With 30 different puzzles you will manipulate the environment, so our hero can pick up his precious toys and continue his search for more adventure.Go through several environments like cozy houses, gardens, parks and dangerous cities full of challenges. Use candy to draw the Baby's attention and guide him where you want!Unique gameplay, change the environment and guide our little adventurer to his goals.Simplify your adventure getting more candies on the inGame Store easily.http://www.qubyteinteractive.com/games/plushwars/http://twitter.com/qubytegameshttp://www.facebook.com/pages/QUByte-Interactive/129428830449232
Baby Luv,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,Baby Luv will have you falling in love with the cutest baby you'll ever see. Play hide and seek, feed, and take care of her. Experience the joys of her first steps, her first words, first laugh, and all of the fun of baby's first year.
Baby Mummy's Curse,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,mazeon,NaN
Babysitting Mania,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,iWin,Wrangle cranky kids and nasty messes as you try to become the best babysitter around.
Back in 1995,PC,Action Adventure,52,5.0,NaN,Throw the Warped Code Out,A throwback to the survival horror and mystery games of the original Playstation, Back in 1995 re-creates everything from this forgotten era of games.
Back to Baghdad,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Military Simulations,If a game does one or two things very well, and other things not so well, is that game a success or a failure?
Back to Bed,PC,Action,57,6.3,NaN,Bedtime Digital Games,Bob the sleepwalker has a habit of always falling asleep in hazardous places. Luckily for Bob, his subconscious protector, Subob, is always ready to save him. Now the challenge for Subob is to guide Bob to safety, across rooftops, avoiding falls, and around dangerous creatures from the nightmares of Bob.
Back to Dinosaur Island,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Crytek,NaN
Back to Dinosaur Island Part 2,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Crytek,NaN
Back to life,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Carlo D'Apostoli Projects,NaN
Back to Life 2,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Carlo D'Apostoli Projects,As in the first chapter of his journey, the small cell will have to come back to life a part of the organic tissue in which it floats, but this time the method used is very different: must create and close the beneficial bubbles to attain a level of coverage required to overcome the various levels. These bubbles, once created, will crystallize and explode on contact with the main cell. With increasing levels appear new bonuses and new enemies. There are three worlds, in which appear random barriers and large breathing cells that will hinder the journey of the protagonist.
Back To Life 3,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Carlo D'Apostoli Projects,NaN
Back to the Future: The Game,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.3,T,Telltale Games,Back to the Future: The Game contains all 5 episodes of this episodic series by Telltale Games.
Back to the Future: The Game - Episode I: It's About Time,PC,Action Adventure,74,7.1,NaN,Telltale Games,Telltale Games, the studio behind Tales of Monkey Island and the Sam & Max episodes, turns cult time travel flick Back to the Future into an episodic adventure.
Back to the Future: The Game - Episode II: Get Tannen!,PC,Action Adventure,74,7.3,RP,Telltale Games,In Episode 2, Marty and Doc must prevent his girlfriend from being ereased in the future.
Back to the Future: The Game - Episode III: Citizen Brown,PC,Action Adventure,71,5.8,E,Telltale Games,In "Citizen Brown", the 3rd episode of this 5 game series, a time-stranded Marty has a rough and tumble return to the 1980s and finds himself in a topsy-turvy version of the world lorded over by the enigmatic "First Citizen Brown."
Back to the Future: The Game - Episode IV: Double Visions,PC,Action Adventure,71,6.0,RP,Telltale Games,In "Double Visions", the 4th episode of this 5 game series, the Hill Valley Expo has arrived! Back in 1986, Marty and First Citizen Brown must join forces to create an epic invention so that he can prevent the young Emmett Brown from making the worst mistake of his life.
Back to the Future: The Game - Episode V: OUTATIME,PC,Action Adventure,75,7.2,RP,Telltale Games,OUTATIME is the fifth and final episode in the Back to the Future: The Game series.
Backgammon,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Fiendish Games,Fiendish Games has released the classic board game of Backgammon for the PC with many board types and graphics.
Backgammon Blitz,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,VooFoo Studios,Become a Blitz master
Backpacker 3 Americana,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NaN,NaN
Backspin Billiards,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Elephant Entertainment,Choose your favorite from nine classic billiards games and get ready for some thrilling pool action. Play against a friend or the computer in 8-Ball, 9-Ball and other great games.
Backstage Pass,PC,Adventure Games,No score yet,tbd,NaN,sakevisual,A visual novel/sim game about life, love, and working in the entertainment industry. Play as makeup artist Sian Goodin as she navigates the world of showbiz. Make friends, forge business relationships, and maybe even find romance.
Backstreets of the Mind,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,SiBear,NaN
Backyard Baseball,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Humongous Entertainment,.
Backyard Baseball '09,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Humongous Entertainment,Play hardball with David "Big Papi" Ortiz, A-Rod, Jeter, Ichiro, Griffey, Pujols, and other MLB superstars as kids.  Choose your favorite MLB or Backyard team or create your own.  And now, Backyard Baseball 2009 for PC features NEW Backyard Baseball All Star Game and tournament mode along with season & single game options, create-a-player, Homerun Derby mini-game, and unlockables.  With outrageous game play and awesome power ups combined with authentic baseball action, Backyard Baseball 09 is the most fun you can have outside the ball park. [Atari]
Backyard Baseball 2003,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Humongous Entertainment,All the excitement of summer ball games is now in your living room.  Backyard Baseball pits the Backyard Kids against kid versions of real pro baseball players such as Sammy Sosa, Barry Bonds, and Derek Jeter.  Pick your team, position players, and choose a field to play on for single games or an entire season.  Choose from all 30 MLB teams or create your own winning line-up with custom team names and uniforms.  It's the chance of a lifetime to play with the pros.
Backyard Baseball 2005,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Atari,Backyard Baseball is back with 30 Backyard Kids and 10 kid versions of Major League Baseball pros, including Alex Rodriguez, Carlos Delgado, and Nomar Garciaparra. During the game, you can unlock six more baseball stars: Derek Jeter, Mike Piazza, Randy Johnson, Pedro Martinez, Shawn Green, and Greg Maddux. Create your own team and play a single game, an entire season, or minigames such as Home Run Derby and Darts. Power-ups, including Lightning Bat and Fire Ball, give you an edge over the competition. 
Backyard Basketball,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Humongous Entertainment,Kid versions of NBA stars join the Backyard Kids in Backyard Basketball.  Play as your favorite NBA players, including Yao Ming, Tim Duncan, and Kevin Garnett in pulse-pounding three-on-three basketball action.  While these NBA stars and Backyard Kids are small, they can still hit devastating jump shots, grab opening tips, nail buzzer-beating three-pointers, and perform super dunks.  With a Season Play mode, awesome power-ups, and all-new 3D environments and details, backyard basketball never looked so good.
Backyard Basketball 2004,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Atari,Kid versions of NBA stars join the Backyard Kids in Backyard Basketball.  Play as your favorite NBA players, including Yao Ming, Tim Duncan, and Kevin Garnett in pulse-pounding three-on-three basketball action.  While these NBA stars and Backyard Kids are small, they can still hit devastating jump shots, grab opening tips, nail buzzer-beating three-pointers, and perform super dunks.  With a Season Play mode, awesome power-ups, and all-new 3D environments and details, backyard basketball never looked so good.
Backyard Football 2004,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Atari,Kick off the football season with Backyard Football 2004, which features kid versions of your favorite NFL pros. You can create your own team from the game's 30 Backyard Kids and 10 NFL players, including Michael Vick, Donovan McNabb, Marshall Faulk, and more. Then, pick your own jerseys, fields, and weather conditions. During each game, you can select from a wide variety of plays and offensive power-ups to help you achieve victory. Season Play mode provides stats for teams and players, who improve with game experience.
Backyard Football 2006,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Humongous Entertainment,Backyard Football 2006 brings kid-sized professional football players and the "backyard kids" together for another go-round of arcade football.
Backyard Football 2008,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Humongous Entertainment,Now in its 6th season, Backyard Football is the best selling kids' football video game of all time. Combine realistic 7 on 7 action with wild arcade style power moves and check out the new gameplay, graphics, and environments. Play all 32 NFL teams, 10 wacky Backyard teams, or create your own.
Backyard Football 2009,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Humongous Entertainment,Backyard Football 2009 offers seven-on-seven teams with wild arcade style power moves and comes loaded with current NFL superstars as kids.
Backyard Hockey,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Humongous Entertainment,Skate, shoot, and score with the Backyard Kids and kid versions of the hottest NHL pros.  You can control all of the action in this hockey game.  Build your own team from 30 Backyard Kids and ten NHL pros, including Mike Modano, Jaromir Jagr, Martin Brodeur, Paul Kariya, and Jarome Iginla.  After choosing your players, select an awesome rink, and zoom down the ice.  With zany power-ups and a fun Backyard Sports excitement, Backyard Hockey provides fun, speedy, end-to-end action. 
Backyard Hockey 2005,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Humongous Entertainment,The Backyard Kids are back with an all-new roster of kid-sized NHL stars, such as Martin Brodeur, Mike Modano, and Jaromir Jagr. Put together a team of Backyard Kids, NHL stars, and your own custom players, and then test their skills on the ice. You can play in three gameplay modes: play now, single games, and season play. Along with new players and modes, Backyard Hockey 2005 features unlockable bonuses, an air-hockey minigame, and new rinks. 
Backyard Skateboarding (2004),PC,Sports,No score yet,7.6,E,Humongous Entertainment,Join the Backyard Kids and pro skateboarder Andy Macdonald in a quest to win the Backyard Ultimate Skatepark! Grab a board and nail tricks like an expert ? you?ll score upgraded gear and big-time sponsorships. Amazing power-ups and bonus stuff will keep you skating hard and laughing out loud! Get riding! [Atari]
Backyard Skateboarding (2005),PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Humongous Entertainment,Backyard Skateboarding 2006 is the fourth version of the children's football video game series. Now you can play as kid versions of NFL athletes, including Tom Brady and Peyton Manning. 
Backyard Soccer 2004,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Humongous Entertainment,It's time to head out to the field for another round of soccer action with the backyard kids and real pro players as kids. In this year's Backyard Soccer, you can build the championship soccer team of your dreams. It's up to you to pick your team, set the positions, and direct the action. Choose from Major League Soccer teams or customize your own Backyard team. During each match, you have the chance to earn new offensive and defensive power-ups.
Backyard Sports,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Atari,NaN
Backyard Sports Baseball 2007,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Humongous Entertainment,Create your own team, and control every wacky pitch, clutch hit, and sprint for home. With players like Alex "A-Rod" Rodriguez, secret pros to unlock and amazing power-ups, kids can play big-league ball right in their own backyard. An all-star MLB lineup: Carlos Delgado, Alfonso Soriano, Nomar Garciaparra, Alex Rodriguez, Ichiro, Albert Pujols, Eric Gagne, Pedro Martinez, Ivan Rodriguez and Vladamir Guerrero.
Backyard Sports Basketball 2007,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Atari,Hit the court with NBA superstar Paul Pierce and other basketball heroes as kids-Shaquille O'neal, Allen Iverson, Tracy McGrady, Yao Ming, and more. Full court basketball sim with arcade action, Backyard Basketball 2007 features spectacular new graphics, interactive backgrounds, and realistic gameplay with season mode, stats, minigames, unlockables, and tons of surprises. The best selling kid's basketball videogame of all time, Backyard Basketball 2007 is the only one to hold the National Basketball Association license.
Backyard Sports: Sandlot Sluggers,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,HB Studios Multimedia,Backyard Sports is back with Sandlot Sluggers, an action-packed arcade style baseball game featuring your the Backyard Sports friends. Enhanced 3-D graphics, cool power-ups, and special next-gen features provide the kind of turbo-injected gameplay that promises to keep you swinging for more. Enter the never before seen Story mode and become a backyard legend. Parents can join in on the fun in an all new Family Co-op Mode. [Atari]
Backyardigans: Mission to Mars,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Activision,Join the Backyardigans as they travel to Mars, the mysterious red planet.
Bacteria (2001),PC,Action,No score yet,NaN,NaN,FIN Arts,This game is inspired by the 1987 movie Innerspace. Players control a small vessel traveling inside a human body.
Bacteria-X: Adventure,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,mgpqc,NaN
Bad Ass Babes,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Thatcher Productions,NaN
Bad Bots,PC,Action,49,4.8,NaN,Point 5 Projects,As Sam McRae, last surviving member of the "Titan Hauler" crew, you must hack and blast your way through an onslaught of truly bad 'bots to find a way to prevent a potential planet-destroying catastrophe.
Bad Caterpillar,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Fun Infused Games,NaN
BAD END,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Arai Koh Create Office,NaN
Bad Hotel,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,3.6,NaN,Lucky Frame,NaN
Bad Mojo,PC,Action Adventure,74,6.9,T,Pulse Entertainment,Roger was about to do something bad. Unfortunately, he can't remember what it was because he has been transformed into a cockroach. In this Kafkaesque graphic adventure game, Roger (you) must scurry through the walls of a run down San Fransisco bar trying to restore his memory and his human form while avoiding spiders, a roach eating cat, and other creatures that live in the bar.
Bad Mojo: Redux,PC,Action Adventure,74,7.0,T,Pulse Entertainment,Bad Mojo has evolved into an unqualified cult classic, lauded by critics and fans alike. A testament to its originality, the game is still being reviewed by the gaming press. In this truly unique tale, "mad scientist" entomologist Roger Samms has been temporarily turned into a cockroach, leading to gritty discovery and exploration that sucks you in with great visuals, and keeps you playing with a poignant story. Clever obstacles bar your progress in the dark and intricate world of a dilapidated San Francisco building. [Got Game]
Bad Piggies,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,6.8,E,Rovio Mobile, Rovio Entertainment,From the creators of Angry Birds: an all new game from the PIGS’ point of view! IGN's "Best Mobile Game of 2012" Winner!"Extremely fun and very challenging" -- Kotaku“The best title Rovio has released yet” - IGN“4/4 - Must Have” -- Slide to Play"Bad Piggies is awesome, and needs to be a part of your iOS game collection just as much as the rest of the Angry Birds series" - Touch Arcade"If you can’t enjoy watching a pig drive a badly constructed car off a cliff and onto a pile of dynamite, you probably don’t have a soul." - Yahoo/BGRCreate the ultimate flying/crawling/rolling/spinning/crashing device and pilot the pigs safely to the eggs!The Bad Piggies are after the eggs again -- but as usual, nothing is going according to plan!  Can you create the ultimate flying machine and steer them safely to their destination? Those tricky pigs have a few objects they can use, but they need your help to turn these into the perfect transportation! With more than 140 levels, and free updates coming up, you have hours and hours of pig-crashing, exploding, and flying fun! Get three stars to unlock 36 more levels! HINT: Sometimes you need to play the level several times to achieve all the objectives -- try building a new device or steering in a different way to earn all the stars!Features- Over 140 levels crammed with flying/driving/crashing fun!- 36 additional levels unlocked by getting three stars! - Free updates! - 8 sandbox levels to stretch your creativity, plus Junkyard available as IAP!- Ultra-special, ultra-secret, ultra-difficult sandbox level to unlock by collecting all the skulls!- 36 objects to create the ultimate machine: motors, wings, fans, bottle rockets, umbrellas, balloons, and much more!Mechanic Pig- Need help? This little piggy will build it for you!- Mechanic pig pre-assembles transport for you!- All you have to do is pilot it!- Tweak his design to get all three stars!Field of Dreams- Our BIGGEST sandbox ever, with the biggest gadget set!- No limits to your creativity in this massive sandbox!- A new IAP for the ultimate Bad Piggies fan!Get ready to see pigs fly!Become a fan of Bad Piggies on Facebook:http://facebook.com/badpiggiesFollow us on Twitter:http://twitter.com/badpiggiesTerms of Use: http://www.rovio.com/eulaPrivacy Policy: http://www.rovio.com/privacyImportant Message for ParentsThis game may include:- Direct links to social networking websites that are intended for an audience over the age of 13.- Direct links to the internet that can take players away from the game with the potential to browse any web page.- Advertising of Rovio products and also products from select partners.- The option to make in-app purchases. The bill payer should always be consulted beforehand.
Bad Rats Show,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Invent4 Entretenimento,The Bad Rats Show maintains the essence of the original title, exploring comic cartoon violence, and politically incorrect humour. The new game is filled with many brand new disturbed rats' characters, and lots of cartoon blood. The puzzles and physics are in the same tradition, but this time with 3D maps.
Bad Rats: The Rats Revenge,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.5,NaN,Invent4 Entertainment,Bad Rats is a physics puzzle game where rats finally get their bloody revenge on their new prisoners: The cats. Come up with creative solutions for each puzzle using physics, functional objects, and your specially trained Rats. Try different ways of solving each puzzle to finish faster or earn higher scores. Revel in your success as the cat meets a violent demise in any number of humorous ways at the hands of Bad Rats.
Bad Sector HDD,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mystic Bit LLC,NaN
Bad Smell,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,magicdweedoo,NaN
Badass Locomotive,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NuclearWombat,NaN
BADBLOOD,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Winnie Song,NaN
Badland Bandits,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Wild Wolf Std,NaN
BADLAND: Game of the Year Edition,PC,Action,79,7.7,E,Frogmind,BADLAND: Game of the Year Edition builds on the atmospheric, hand-painted graphics of the original BADLAND with enhanced Full-HD visuals, improved controls and over 15 hours of content. The Game of the Year edition includes all the DLCs, including Day II, Daydream and Doomsday packs, for both the single player and local co-op mode supporting up to four players.
Baezult,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Atapki,NaN
Baku Baku,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,K-A,Sega AM2,If you've been waiting for a puzzle game with a little bite (sorry, I just had to say it), this is one of this year's best.
BalanCity,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Fernando Cordoba,NaN
Baldies,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Creative Edge Software,From initial concept to practical execution, Baldies is sick and wrong.
Baldur's Gate,PC,Role-Playing,91,9.0,T,BioWare,Baldur's Gate takes you back to the Forgotten Realms on a visually dazzling role-playing adventure, one that brings to life the grand tradition of Advanced Dungeons & Dragons through cutting edge art and technology. Immerse yourself in this quintessential medieval fantasy world, where entire nations hang in the balance of your actions, dark prophecies test your resolve, and heroic dreams can be fulfilled at last. [Interplay]
Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition,PC,Role-Playing,78,7.5,NaN,Overhaul Games,You have been kidnapped, imprisoned, and tortured. The wizard Irenicus holds you captive in his stronghold, attempting to strip you of the powers that are your birthright. Can you resist the evil within you, forge a legend of heroic proportions, and ultimately destroy the dark essence that haunts your dreams? 
Baldur's Gate II: Shadows of Amn,PC,Role-Playing,95,9.2,T,BioWare,An epic continuation of the story that began in "Baldur's Gate," this RPG is set along the southern portion of the Sword Coast, a detailed and rich area of the Forgotten Realms called Amn. It features 300 spells and 130-plus monster types compared to only 130 spells and 60 monster types in Baldur's Gate. [Interplay]
Baldur's Gate II: Throne of Bhaal,PC,Role-Playing,88,8.9,T,BioWare,The final chapter of the wildly popular Baldur's Gate series, technically and add-on pack to "Shadows of Amn" but which plays like a true sequel, opens after the conclusion of "Shadows" at the outbreak of a major Bhaalspawn war and throws you into a new adventure called the Watcher's Keep.
Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition,PC,Role-Playing,78,7.0,T,Overhaul Games,Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition includes the entire Baldur's Gate adventure, the Tales of the Sword Coast expansion pack, and some never before seen content as well.
Baldur's Gate: Siege of Dragonspear,PC,Role-Playing,77,3.6,NaN,Overhaul Games,Baldur’s Gate: Siege of Dragonspear adds a new chapter to the Bhaalspawn saga. The events occurring between Baldur’s Gate and Baldur’s Gate II are at last revealed in this 25-hour expansion pack for Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition.
Baldur's Gate: Tales of the Sword Coast,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.2,T,BioWare,Even though Tales of the Sword Coast doesn't extend the storyline of the original game, the new areas added by the expansion pack are varied and well designed.
Ballad of Solar,PC,Fantasy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Alawar Entertainment, Inc, Alawar Entertainment,In a land of enchantment, torn by evil, a hero arrives to save the day. Guide Solar and his band of helpers as they set out to stop the dark sorcerer Grogan from achieving eternal life and to rescue the fair Lumina.
Ballads of Reemus: When the Bed Bites,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,ClickShake Games,Reemus the insect exterminator and his companion Liam the bear match wits with giant talking ants, termites and bed bugs in hopes of impressing the citizens of Fredricus once and for all. A fully voice-acted, funny, cartoon point and click adventure with animated cutscenes, side quests and more. 
Ballance,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,8.7,E,Cyparade,NaN
Ballanced,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Brian King,Ballanced, a high-flying VR aerial puzzler challenging you to navigate your ball through a series of treacherous levels full of obstacles and enemies collecting coins along the way. Ballanced takes inspiration from timeless classic arcade games, such as Marble Madness, and offers a fun VR version to the new generation of players looking to experience the exciting gameplay on modern technology.
Ballbot,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Quantum Chaos Games,NaN
Ballerium,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Majorem,Majorem is working on what it describes as a persistent massively multiplayer online real-time strategy game.
Ballin,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dreamsake,NaN
Ballistic,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Radiangames,NaN
Ballistic Protection,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hristophorov Ivan,NaN
Ballistic Tanks,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,KL Studios,NaN
Ballistick,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Bomb Shelter Games,NaN
Ballistics,PC,Driving,71,7.8,E,GRIN,The Ballistics pilots run their hover bikes on magnetic fields inside a track that allows full 360º movement. The races take place in many different settings; all with their own unique design and environment - all shaped to breed the speed. [Xicat Interactive]
Ballistik,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sandlot Games,Ballistik is effectively a 3D Breakout, the age-old brick-breaking game that people know and love for its pong-like simplicity.
Balloon Blast,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dekovir Entertainment,Balloons are attacking! Blast groups of the same color. Collect rockets and megabombs  and use them to save the day at just the right moment. Three variations of the game  mind-boggling Balloon, steady Tactics and fast-paced Arcade  deliver fun gameplay for everybody
Balloon Blowout,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,EnsenaSoft,NaN
Ballpoint Universe,PC,Action,No score yet,4.6,NaN,ArachnidGames,Ballpoint Universe is a side-scrolling shooter / platform adventure game about a doodle named Doodle. Every bit of the game has been drawn with a ballpoint pen to build immaculate environments.
C*m on! B*kkake Ranch!,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,softhouse-seal,NaN
C-130 Hercules,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Captain Sim,This add-on pack for Microsoft's FS2002 and FS2004 simulators will let you fly a number of Lockheed C-130 variants.
C-RUSH,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Artnumeris,NaN
C-Wars,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Onipunks Studio,NaN
C. Kane,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Super Walrus Games,NaN
C.R.E.E.P.S,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,BRINK 3D,NaN
C.S.S. CITADEL VR,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Winged Minds,NaN
C14 Dating,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Winter Wolves Game Studio,NaN
CABAL Online,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.1,T,ESTsoft,As everyone knows a game should be exciting and interesting and that means MMORPG as well. Well built battle/skill systems, clear quest systems and spectacular battle moves are the basic contents of an interesting game as well as fabulous 3D graphics and a high level of animation which bear a close resemblance to the real world. Even though it was difficult to achieve, the end result for the user is worth it. Within the game environment you should be the hero. After solving puzzles, tricks, traps,and beating tough bosses, you should feel fulfilment and delight. After all that look for new adventures and challenges. But the online gaming world means there are endless stories and infinite competitions. You become the hero and it is not easy to feel moved by the game. But, CABAL Online will make you a hero; we will give you your very own story. [Games-Masters]
Cabbage Patch Kids: Where's My Pony?,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,AWE Games,Choose from 9 unique 3-D Cabbage Patch Kids and four special ponies before starting your adventure. Play both as the Cabbage Patch Kid and the pony on the path to find one another. Encounter other Cabbage Patch Kids and animals that need help and offer hints. Solve puzzles that will open up pathways and shortcuts. A variety of interactive environments including the town, the woods, the farm and home. Simple point-and-click interface and multiple difficulty levels to challenge children of various ages.
Cabela's 4x4 Off-Road Adventure 3,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,T,Activision Value,Forget those fancy overpriced SUVs that never see anything but paved roads--these 4x4s are all about tackling the toughest terrain Mother Nature can dish out. It's time to shift into 4-LO and throw mud in 16 new locations that take you from the dry heat of the desert to ice-capped mountaintops. New technology, more trucks that are totally customizable, and an awesome array of challenges keep you behind the wheel testing your skills and seeing if you have what it takes.
Cabela's African Adventures,PC,Sports,No score yet,4.8,T,Activision,An open world Cabela’s hunting game. 
Cabela's African Safari,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,FUN Labs,Players discover Africa's untamed wild as they hunt a variety of African big game in pursuit of the ultimate hunting challenge – the feared Big Five – leopards, lions, elephants, rhinos and Cape buffalo. In Cabela’s African Safari, players choose from seven, 10 or 14 day safaris including open safari, game tracking, baiting and herd hunting missions. The game features over 30 exotic species of animals including sable, kudu, gemsbok, eland, waterbuck, impala and much more, as well as all new African waterfowl and upland bird hunting. Cabela's African Safari also features an unlockable Big Five Trophy level where gamers can experience the world’s most dangerous animals at their fiercest. Hunters also have access to an arsenal of authentic firearms including big caliber weapons they will need to bring down charging rhinos and thundering elephants. In addition, all-new shooting controls and features including Adrenaline Mode, Hunter Sense and Shot Cam, allow gamers to hone in on their prey with more accuracy and ease. [Activision]
Cabela's Big Game Hunter 2004 Season,PC,Sports,No score yet,7.0,T,FUN Labs,Every animal featured is a true-to-life representation specific to the region you are hunting. Cabela's Big Game Hunter: 2004 Season takes the very best of previous Cabela's titles to re-create the true hunting experience. Watch as the terrain is affected by weather, seasonal changes and time of day changes. What was familiar in one season may be drastically different when experienced in another. Cabela's Big Game Hunter offers the most realistic hunting experience on your PC! Plus, go head-to-head with other hunters to claim bragging rights to the highest scores.
Cabela's Big Game Hunter 2005 Adventures,PC,Sports,No score yet,7.4,T,FUN Labs,Building on the rich history and success of the hunting genre, Cabela's Big Game Hunter 2005 Adventures is the first story-based hunting adventure. Players can hunt and explore using inter-connected maps and trek through six massive regions with varying environments and terrains. As players progress through the game, they can hunt more than 36 big game animals including traditional favorites like elk and moose, as well as rare breeds of animals such as bison, stone sheep and musk ox. Highly detailed and improved instructions on game play as well as guides explaining how to hunt specific animals are just some of the new features added to Cabela's Big Game Hunter 2005 Adventures. If players are in need of improving their game they now have the chance to sharpen their skills by practicing with clay and skeet shooting. After mastering the hunt or if they want to determine how their skills are improving, players can track their progress with high-scores tracking. The game features three levels of difficulty and two game play modes, "Quick Hunt" and "Career Hunt." "Quick Hunt" allows players to hunt without having to worry about time, health or the wilderness survival elements of the game. To experience the complete hunting adventure, "Career Hunt" will allow the player to take full advantage of the game. [Activision Value]
Cabela's Big Game Hunter 2006,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,Activision,Cabela's Big Game Hunter 2006 continues Cabela's outdoor sports series that lets you hunt a variety of big game animals.
Cabela's Big Game Hunter 2006 with 4x4 Off Road Adventure,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Encore Software, Inc.,Hunt 36 big game animals across vast regions in North America through a story-driven hunting adventure. Visit the local hunting store and choose from 1000s of authentic gear options that could mean the difference between survival and demise. Explore 80 new inter-connected maps, trek through a wide variety of environments and terrains, meet helpful local wardens and spend the night in a log cabin. Here's your opportunity to bag record breaking trophies beyond belief and experience the virtual hunting trip of a lifetime!
Cabela's Big Game Hunter 2007: 10th Anniversary Edition,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,Activision,Cabela's returns for the 2007 season.
Cabela's Big Game Hunter 4,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,NaN
Cabela's Big Game Hunter 5 Platinum,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,NaN
Cabela's Big Game Hunter 6,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,The sixth installment in Cabela's Big Game Hunter series gives you a choice between live action video and 3D hunting. Choose from one of six characters, each one with his or her strengths and weaknesses, and then hunt down more than 16 different animals. After the hunt, head back to the lodge to purchase authentic Cabela hunting gear. To give you a realistic hunting experience, the game's animal behavior and game design are based on actual DNR information.
Cabela's Big Game Hunter III,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,Activision Value,NaN
Cabela's Big Game Hunter: 10th Anniversary Edition - Alaskan Adventure,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,FUN Labs,Cabela's Alaskan Adventure sends you into the frozen tundras in search of new prey.
Cabela's Big Game Hunter: Pro Hunts,PC,Sports,No score yet,7.6,T,Cauldron Ltd.,Cabela’s Big Game Hunter: Pro Hunts takes players on a single-player campaign with four field-proven experts from the competitive world of big game hunting.
Cabela's Big Game Hunter: Trophy Bucks,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,FUN Labs,Experience fast-paced hunting action in pursuit of the biggest trophy bucks throughout North America! Cabela's Trophy Bucks starts you at the most critical and exciting parts of each mission where players are immediately presented with a challenge. Keen observation and quick decision making are essential on your quest for that trophy buck of a lifetime!
Cabela's Dangerous Hunts,PC,Sports,68,7.4,T,FUN Labs,Cabelas Dangerous Hunts delivers intense hunting action in exotic locations throughout the world. Featuring some of the world's most ferocious animals, such as Grizzly, Leopards, Rhinos, Cape Buffalo and more, in palm-sweating, heart-pounding hunting action. You?ll soon realize first-hand what every hunter fears most in terrifying "Kill or Be Killed" hunting action never before available! [Activision Value]
Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2,PC,Sports,No score yet,5.5,T,FUN Labs,The latest title in Cabela's best-selling franchise, Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2 provides you with savage animal encounters and a true adrenaline-pumping experience. Expert regional guides lead you on 12 epic adventures to exotic locations around the globe in search of the world's most dangerous animals in this story-based journey. Rescue others in danger - Take on the world's most dangerous animals on their own turf in order to rescue others in eminent danger. Hunt from a helicopter or truck in regions never before seen in a hunting game - Russia, Argentina, and India. Three gameplay mechanics - Sniping, shooting from the back of a vehicle, and fighting up close & personal. 20 exotic species and 12 global locations - Hunt Rhinos in India, Lions in Africa, Polar bears in Russia and more. [Activision Value]
Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2013,PC,Sports,No score yet,4.4,T,Activision,Powered by the all-new Prowler AI system, predators in Dangerous Hunts 2013 are now smarter, and deadlier than ever before. Animals now have the ability to form pack social hierarchies, coordinate complex group tactics and take advantage of the surroundings to set up deadly ambushes. No two scenarios are alike and what worked before will not work so well the next time around. 
Cabela's Deer Hunt 2005 Season,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,This year's installment in Cabela's Deer Hunt series offers a new adventure with 18 action-packed missions, numerous deer models, private game ranches, authentic Cabela's gear, and four vehicle types. Now you can hunt nine different deer species, including exotic and rare deer, in 27 expansive areas across North America. Also, for the first time in the Cabela's Deer Hunt series, you can participate in trap, skeet, and sporting-clay shooting events. Before you head out for the hunt, be sure to equip yourself with any combination of Cabela's equipment.
Cabela's GrandSlam Hunting: 2004 Trophies,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,Cabela's GrandSlam Hunting: 2004 Trophies expands on the North American 29 by growing the focus of the game to include the Inner Circle competition of the Safari Club International. Join the inner circle by bagging all 32 animals represented in this prestigious award. many will spend a life-time trying to achieve this award. Cabela's has readied your gear. Now, it's up to you. The challenge of your life begins now!
Cabela's Hunting Expeditions,PC,Sports,No score yet,6.0,T,Activision,Cabelas Hunting Expeditions is like having a world-class outfitter at your fingertips. With unprecedented freedom, you decide the destination and the journey. Cover more territory and position yourself closer to the trophies by means of vehicles. Since every move you make is ultimately monitored and graded; the power to maximize your score will come through a sharpened skill set and strategic gameplay. A challenge for hunters of all levels. With Cabelas Hunting Expeditions, you get realistic hunting at its finest.
Cabela's Off-Road Adventure 2,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Clever's Development,Off-Road Adventure 2 is unlike virtually any previous driving game in that it does not force you to compete against other cars or a constantly ticking clock.
Cabela's Outdoor Adventures (2006),PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,The hunt continues in Cabela's Outdoor Adventures 2006.
Cabela's Outdoor Adventures (2009),PC,Sports,No score yet,8.0,T,Activision,Cabela's Outdoor Adventures features North America's top outdoor destinations, over 50 hunting and fishing adventures and intensive use of gear and tactics, such as animal calls and stealth skills. Emphasis is placed on moments that are instinctively associated with hunting and fishing, like stalking the animals, squeezing the trigger, hooking a fish or snap-shooting a flushed bird, all while respecting real life hunting rules and regulations. Players can also upgrade their hunting gear with authentically branded real life equipment. Brand new to the franchise is an all-new shooting system known as VITALS (Visually Integrated Targeting and Lock-on System) that allows the player to focus on delivering an accurate shot to the prey’s vitals, while also creating a closer and more personal view of the animals as they react realistically to being hunted. Even better, you can create your trophy buck - customize your deer’s rack, body and color. For the new players, the game offers integrated tutorials and guided hunts. [Activision]
Cabela's Outdoor Trivia Challenge,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,NaN
Caboodle,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Indiepath,Match up colors to clear blocks in this Lumines-eque PC puzzle game.
Caddy Hack,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,NaN
Caesar III,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.7,E,Impressions Games,Despite the small problems, building a thriving city in Caesar III is fun.
Caesar IV,PC,Strategy,74,7.6,E10+,Tilted Mill,In Caesar IV you govern a province (and most importantly its capital city) in the Roman Empire. Success yields political advancement, allowing you to take on a new challenge in another province, as you climb the ladder of power in ancient Rome. As city planner, you design and layout each city in detail, creating road networks to facilitate the distribution of resources, and to provide homes access to entertainment venues, healthcare facilities, fire protection services, and so on. Of course, you must in turn develop these industries and services to meet the needs of your growing population. You control your city's finances, and must quickly turn a profit in your new endeavor or face the wrath of the emperor. You must build a military force and direct the defense of the province against barbarian threats. You must establish far flung trade networks so the exotic wealth of the empire can flow into your province, bringing it fully under the Roman fold. As the city grows from a simple village to a bustling cosmopolitan city, so too do your challenges and responsibilities increase. To achieve your goals as provincial governor in Caesar IV you must consistently provide for your citizens' needs, keep them healthy, happy and safe... and on top of that satisfy the demands of the empire. Your ultimate goal is to rise among the political ranks of the empire, and become Caesar yourself.  [Vivendi Universal]
CaesarIA,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,rdt.32,CaesarIA is a remake of an old-school economic strategy game, Caesar III.
Caesars Palace 2000: Millennium Gold Edition,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Runecraft,You'll be better off looking for free online versions of the various games contained in Caesars Palace 2000.
CAFE 0 ~The Drowned Mermaid~,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,roseVeRte,Relive the story of a ghost girl
Caffeine,PC,Sci-Fi,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Incandescent Imaging,Caffeine is a quirky first person adventure game with environmental puzzles and a dab of psychological horror. Set in the near future, the entire population of Earth is vigorously addicted to coffee. 
Caffeine: Episode One,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Incandescent Imaging,Caffeine is a first person adventure game with environmental puzzles and a dab of psychological horror. Set in the near future, the entire population of Earth is vigorously addicted to coffee. You awaken aboard one of these caffeine mining stations alone. 
Cahors Sunset,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,rodrigogsilvestre,NaN
Caillou Preschool,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,EC,Brighter Child,NaN
Caillou: Ready for School,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Brighter Child,In Caillou: Ready for School, children can learn about the world and growing up. The package includes activity cds, workbooks, and flash cards.
Caillou: Ready to Read,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Brighter Minds,NaN
Cake Mania,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Sandlot Games,Help Jill upgrade her kitchen with state-of-the-art baking tools, while serving her ever-increasingly difficult customers. Help Jill earn enough to reopen her grandparents' bakery in this fast-paced culinary crisis.
Cake Mania 2: Jill's Next Adventure!,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Sandlot Games,After re-opening the Evans Bakery, Jill is back and needs your help choosing paths to pursue. You’ll determine if she’ll taste sweet success or if her bakery ventures will fall flat. What awaits Jill? Fame? Fortune? Love? With 204 levels of baking and frosting madness, 6 different possible endings and multiple storylines, it’s your decision to make! [Elephant Entertainment]
Cake Mania 3,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Sandlot Games,Cake Mania 3 boasts new features that will attract everyone from loyal fans to first time players. More than 80 new levels, 30 new customers and 6 beautiful time-spanning environments test Jill's speed and efficiency. Gamers will meet the challenge of spell-casting Egyptian Pharaohs, Dinosaurs with dangerous appetites, and impatient Medieval English princes with a myriad of exciting new kitchen upgrades. In addition, players can unlock three new mini games, and for the first time in the series, change Jill's outfits throughout the game. So no matter the era, she'll never be out of style! 
Cake Mania Collection,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sandlot Games,Over the past few years, weve watched Jill Evans grow from a fresh-out-of-baking-school student to a world-class culinary celeb. Now, Jill confronts her greatest challenge yet - planning her dream wedding  in Cake Mania 3, the highly anticipated follow-up to one of the most popular casual games of all-time!
Cake Mania: Back To The Bakery,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Sandlot Games,Cake Mania returns with some more baking action in Back to the Bakery.
Cake Mania: Main Street,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Sandlot Games,Help Jill and her closest friends earn enough money to revitalize Main Street by opening, managing, and upgrading four unique downtown shops and building must-see tourist attractions. With all-new shop mechanics, 50 shop equipment upgrades, 40 unique mouth-watering recipes, and hilarious new customers, Cake Mania Main Street offers players four truly addictive time management games in one!
Cake Shop,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Alawar Entertainment, Inc, Alawar Entertainment,NaN
Caketomino,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Smoketree Studios,A puzzle game about cakes. Build all 30 cake Pentonimo (and other Polyminoes) puzzles! Can you solve them all?
Calcu-Late,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Blazing Fanfish,NaN
CALENDULA,PC,Adventure,67,8.1,NaN,Blooming Buds Studio,Calendula is an experimental meta game about trying to play a game. Use your logic to thrive against conventions and get surrounded by a dark atmosphere. 
Calibre 10 Racing Series,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Bongfish,NaN
Californium,PC,First-Person,64,5.9,NaN,Nova Production,Explore the worlds of Californium, a first person exploration game where you are a writer trapped into shifting realities. Will you find what’s behind the simulacra?
Call for Heroes: Pompolic Wars,PC,Role-Playing,25,3.2,T,Quotix Software,Many years ago, a dimensional portal to the Outer Worlds was suddenly opened, and an enemy from the darkness encroached upon our world. Led by Pompolic, these armies of demonic hordes quickly overran most (but not all) of the planet.The origin of Pompolic is not known, but it is sure that this malevolent spiritual being possesses supernatural power, and his desire is obvious, possess the people and turn them into fellows of his dark army. The evil is spreading its power via his servants; the Dark Souls. These Dark Souls - protected by a horde of monsters - are poisoning the minds of his victims and making them slaves of evil. The denizens of this world are on the edge of total annihilation. However, a little hope still exists in the heart of the remaining citizens. They believe that there are brave hearts who can save the world from the source of the evil power. If the Dark Souls were to be captured, the onslaught would stop, and Pompolic would be defeated; the call for heroes is made...The game is placed in a fantasy world and divided into 12 maps. The player can choose between 2 characters. Each character has unique weapons and different abilities. There are 18 types of monsters, and at the end of the game the chief monster awaits the player. During the journey, the player gains experience which will help him to upgrade his strength, armour and health. [Quotix Software]
Call of Combat,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,KAVA Game Studio,NaN
Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth,PC,Action Adventure,76,7.6,M,Headfirst Productions,Call of Cthulhu -- Dark Corners of the Earth is a first-person horror game that combines intense action and adventure elements. You will draw upon your skills in exploration, investigation, and combat while faced with the seemingly impossible task of battling evil incarnate. Other than fighting, you have the ability to interact freely with characters and the gaming environment. To increase the sense of immersion, there is no interface or 'HUD' on screen at any time during normal gameplay. Instead, more intuitive methods are available for you to assess your condition, ammunition levels, and other relevant information. The combat within the game is extremely realistic, with a detailed damage and healing system that breaks down the healing process into conditions and treatments - rather than having the typical FPS 'health packs' lying around everywhere. The game also allows you to stamp your own style onto the proceedings via an advanced AI system that can react to your method of play. [Bethesda Softworks]
Call of Cthulhu: The Wasted Land,PC,Strategy,No score yet,7.4,NaN,Red Wasp Design,Call of Cthulhu: The Wasted Land is a turn-based strategy RPG based around the works of cult horror writer H.P.Lovecraft.
Call of Duty,PC,Action,91,8.5,T,Infinity Ward,Call of Duty delivers the gritty realism and cinematic intensity of World War II's epic battlefield moments like never before - through the eyes of citizen soldiers and unsung heroes from an alliance of countries who together helped shape the course of modern history. Play through the chaos of battle as part of a well-trained squad, that lays down covering fire and pulls its wounded to safety. In addition to authentic squad movements and tactics, each soldier's distinct personality and training comes out on the battlefield. No one soldier or nation single-handedly won the war. For the first time, Call of Duty captures the war from multiple perspectives, through the eyes of American, British and Russian soldiers. Battle through 24 missions spanning 4 interconnected historical campaigns. Take on mission objectives ranging from sabotage and all-out assault to stealth, vehicle combat and rescue. Authentic weapons, locations, vehicles and sounds of war all contribute to the realism. [Activision]
Call of Duty 2,PC,Action,86,8.4,T,Infinity Ward,Call of Duty 2 lets players experience four individual soldier stories as they overcome insurmountable odds in multiple campaigns.  Players have the freedom to follow each of the four storylines through for the ultimate character-driven experience, or they can engage in the historic battles chronologically for quick hitting action. Infinity Ward has also expanded the scope of combat to deliver a truly realistic battlefield experience.  Squads now have the freedom to take on a variety of mission objectives, on expansive battlefields that allow for multiple paths and the ability to utilize actual combat tactics like outflanking and fire and maneuver capabilities. Call of Duty 2's new engine and A.I. technology set the stage for authentic squad combat and astonishing action.  Concealment can be key as battlefield smoke or even deployed smoke grenades cloud visibility.  Weather effects such as the dusty sandstorms of North Africa and whiteout blizzard conditions of Russia, for example, will keep soldiers glued to their bunkers.  The team has also employed a state-of-the-art Battle Chatter System that brings the action to life as squad-mates bark out context-sensitive updates in real-time to players through an advanced A.I. system. [Activision]
Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare,PC,Action,92,8.5,M,Infinity Ward,As Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare's single player campaign unfolds, the player is introduced to new gameplay at every turn – one moment you are fast-roping from your Black Hawk helicopter after storming into the war zone with an armada of choppers, the next you are a sniper, under concealment, in a Ghillie suit miles behind enemy lines, the next you are engaging hostiles from an AC-130 gunship thousands of feet above the battlefield. Mixed with explosive action, Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare also delivers special effects, including use of depth of field, rim-lighting, character self-shadowing, real time post-processing, texture streaming as well as physics-enabled effects. Infinity Ward deployed a dedicated team from the start to deliver a new level of depth to multiplayer. Building on the hit "Call of Duty 2" online experience, Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare's new multiplayer provides the community an addictive and accessible experience to gamers of all levels. [Activision]
Call of Duty Deluxe Edition Box Set,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.2,T,Activision,The Call of Duty Deluxe Edition box set includes the original Call of Duty, the United Offensive expansion, the Call of Duty soundtrack, and more.
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare,PC,Action,78,4.5,M,Sledgehammer Games,Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare envisions the powerful battlegrounds of the future, where both technology and tactic have evolved to usher in a new era of combat for the franchise. Delivering a stunning performance, Academy Award winning actor Kevin Spacey stars as Jonathan Irons -- one of the most powerful men in the world -- shaping this chilling vision of the future of war. The game takes place in a plausible future in which technological progress and today's military practices have converged with powerful consequences. In this carefully researched and crafted vision of the future, Private Military Corporations (PMCs) have become the dominant armed forces for countless nations outsourcing their military needs, redrawing borders and rewriting the rules of war. And Jonathan Irons, the founder and president of the world's largest PMC, Atlas Corporation, is at the center of it all.
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare - Ascendance,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Sledgehammer Games,Four brand new multiplayer maps. They are named: Perplex, Site 244, Climate, and Chop Shop. "Exo Zombies Map 2" is part 2 of a 4-part unique Zombies experience. After being overrun at the Atlas research facility outbreak, our heroes awaken to find that the infection has spread and mutated the surrounding town. Before they can get any answers, they’ll have to fight their way out. New Bonus Weapons: The OHM directed energy hybrid weapon can switch between an LMG and Shotgun on the fly. Also included is the OHM-Werewolf custom variant.
Call of Duty: Black Ops,PC,Action,81,5.2,M,Treyarch,Treyarch is developing the next installment in the Call of Duty franchise, rumored to be set during the Cold War. 
Call of Duty: Black Ops - Annihilation,PC,Action,No score yet,5.3,M,Treyarch,Annihilation is a DLC pack for Call of Duty: Black Ops.
Call of Duty: Black Ops - Escalation,PC,Action,No score yet,5.4,M,Treyarch,5 all-new maps; featuring 4 Multiplayer maps and an epic Zombies experience with all-new playable characters. In Multiplayer, battle it out in Hotel, on the roof of a Cuban luxury hotel and casino against the vivid backdrop of old Havana; 
Call of Duty: Black Ops - First Strike,PC,Action,No score yet,5.3,M,Treyarch,This map pack features new multiplayer maps, including Kowloon and Berlin Wall
Call of Duty: Black Ops - Rezurrection,PC,Action,No score yet,2.5,M,Treyarch,Rezurrection hurls players into orbit with Moon, the climax of the Call of Duty Zombies saga and the first in the series to drop zombie-slaying into low-G lunar battlegrounds. With new outrageous weapons, high-tech gear, and a bloodthirsty undead menace, Moon is the most challenging and thrilling Zombies adventure yet.
Call of Duty: Black Ops II,PC,Action,74,4.1,M,Treyarch,Black Ops 2's multiplayer unveils a new Create-a-Class, introducing players to a new "pick-10" allocation system that allows for a combination of any ten items, making almost anything possible. The new Score Streak system rewards players who play to the objective and help their team win. League Play, CODcasting and Live Streaming combine to make Call of Duty more enjoyable to watch by providing players with the tools to commentate games and broadcast those games to the world.
Call of Duty: Black Ops II - Apocalypse,PC,Action,No score yet,3.0,M,Treyarch,Apocalypse is Treyarch's grand finale to Call of Duty: Black Ops II, with two all-new multiplayer maps, two fully reimagined fan-favorite multiplayer maps from past games, and Origins, an epic Zombie experience.
Call of Duty: Black Ops II - Nuketown Zombies,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Treyarch,Nuketown Zombies is set during the events of Moon, and after the end of the multiplayer level from the original Black Ops game.
Call of Duty: Black Ops II - Revolution,PC,Action,No score yet,3.8,M,Treyarch,The first DLC Map Pack that offers a massive amount of content, including four all-new Multiplayer maps, a new Zombies map, a new Zombies game mode, and -- for the first time in a Call of Duty game -- a brand new Multiplayer weapon.
Call of Duty: Black Ops II - Uprising,PC,Action,No score yet,5.0,M,Treyarch,The most anticipated game of the year and the most ambitious Call of Duty game ever, Call of Duty: Black Ops II is coming to Wii U. Launching this November 18th, Call of Duty: Black Ops II delivers the most groundbreaking and viscerally immersive Call of duty experience yet. Rooted in near-future fiction, the title propels players into a visual landscape in an epic single player campaign highlighted by branching storylines and non-linear missions; a re-imagined multiplayer that introduces players to some of the most cutting-edge weaponry and equipment that 2025 will have to offer; and punctuated with an all-new Zombies experience running in the multiplayer engine.
Call of Duty: Black Ops II - Vengeance,PC,Action,No score yet,4.4,M,Treyarch,Vengeance includes four new Multiplayer maps (Cove, Detour, Rush, Uplink), the new Zombies adventure "Buried," and a new bonus Zombies weapon, the Ray Gun Mark II. 
Call of Duty: Black Ops III,PC,Action,73,2.7,M,Treyarch,In Black Ops 3, Treyarch introduces a new momentum-based chained-movement system which enables players to fluidly move through the environment with finesse, using controlled thrust jumps, slides, wall runs and mantling abilities in a myriad of combinations, all while continuously keeping full control over their weapon. Maps are designed from the ground-up for the new movement system, enabling players to be successful with traditional movement, as well as with advanced tactics and maneuvers.
Call of Duty: Black Ops III - Awakening,PC,Action,No score yet,4.0,NaN,Treyarch,NaN
Call of Duty: Black Ops III - Salvation,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Treyarch,Salvation features Revelations, the finale of the Origins Zombies saga.  In Revelations, this final chapter of the Zombies experience, Richtofen, Dempsey, Takeo, and Nikolai – having traveled through space and time – finally discover the identity of the mysterious Doctor Monty in The House.  As the heroes face-off against an ancient evil, they must hold the zombie horde back in the ultimate battle between human and undead. [Activision]
Call of Duty: Black Ops III - The Giant,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Treyarch,NaN
Call of Duty: Black Ops III: Eclipse,PC,Action,No score yet,1.0,NaN,Treyarch,In the latest episode of the Zombies experience, the Origins characters head to 'Zetsubou No Shima', a tropical island where experiments with Element 115 have created horrors beyond belief. Battle your way through four stunning Black Ops III Multiplayer environments: Spire, Knockout, Verge and Rift.
Call of Duty: Ghosts,PC,Action,68,2.0,M,Infinity Ward,This new chapter in the Call of Duty franchise features a fresh dynamic where players are on the side of a crippled nation fighting not for freedom, or liberty, but simply to survive. 10 years after a devastating mass event, the nation's borders and the balance of global power have been permanently redrawn. As what's left of the nation's Special Operations forces, a mysterious group known only as "Ghosts" leads the fight back against a newly emerged, technologically-superior global power. The new Perks system has more perks than were previously available. Every perk has a value from 1 to 5, and you have 8 points to allocate. So for example, choose 4 perks each valued at 2 points a piece, or even 8 perks, each valued at 1. You could also choose to get rid of your secondary weapon and get up to 11 perks.
Call of Duty: Ghosts - Devastation,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Infinity Ward,Prepare for Devastation, the second DLC Pack for Call of Duty: Ghosts, featuring four unique multiplayer maps, an all-new tactical 2-in-1 Sub Machine Gun and Assault Rifle, and Episode 2: Mayday - the second
Call of Duty: Ghosts - Invasion,PC,Action,No score yet,6.6,M,Infinity Ward,Invasion, is the third DLC Pack for Call of Duty: Ghosts, featuring four multiplayer maps and
Call of Duty: Ghosts - Nemesis,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Infinity Ward,Welcome to Call of Duty: Ghosts Nemesis, the final DLC pack. The pack contains 4 multiplayer maps and Exodus, the conclusion to the Extinction 4-part episodic saga.
Call of Duty: Ghosts - Onslaught,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Infinity Ward,Call of Duty: Ghosts Onslaught is the first downloadable content pack for Call of Duty: Ghosts, featuring four unique Multiplayer Maps, an all-new dual purpose Assualt Rifle/Sniper Rifle, and the first installment in Extinction's four-part episodic narrative. Onslaught and all DLC for Call of Duty: Ghosts arrives first on Xbox.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare,PC,Action,No score yet,NaN,M,Infinity Ward,Infinite Warfare is the first game in the franchise to venture beyond the reaches of Earth, framing a plausible future war in our solar system.  Infinite Warfare also introduces an original cooperative Zombies mode that takes players on a wild ride through a new storyline with unique gameplay features and mechanics. [Infinity Ward]
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2,PC,Action,86,4.2,M,Infinity Ward,Modern Warfare 2 continues the gripping and heart-racing action as players face off against a new threat dedicated to bringing the world to the brink of collapse. An entirely new gameplay mode which supports 2-player co-operative play online that is unique from the single player story campaign. Special Ops pits players into a gauntlet of time-trial and objective-based missions. Rank-up as players unlock new Special Ops missions, each more difficult. Missions include highlights from the single player campaign, fan favorites from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare and all new, exclusive missions. Setting a new bar for online multiplayer, Modern Warfare 2 multiplayer delivers new capabilities, customization, gamestates and modes, including: Create-a-Class Evolved. Secondary Weapons - Machine Pistols, Shotguns, Handguns, Launchers. Riot Shields. Equipment - Throwing Knives, Blast Shield, Tactical Insertion. Perk Upgrades. Bling (Dual Attachments). Customizable Killstreaks - AC130, Sentry Gun, Predator Missile, Counter-UAV, Care Package. Accolades (Post match reports). [Activision]
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 - Resurgence Pack,PC,Action,No score yet,1.8,M,Infinity Ward,(Downloadable Content)  The Resurgence Pack for Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 brings five new maps to the military first-person shooter.
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 - Stimulus Package,PC,Action,No score yet,1.9,M,Infinity Ward,The best-selling Xbox 360 game of all-time just got bigger, with more epic multiplayer content, first on Xbox LIVE! The Stimulus Package delivers 5 additional action-packed multiplayer maps featuring a variety of locations: "Bailout," a multi-level apartment complex; "Storm," an open industrial park littered with heavy machinery; "Salvage," a snowy junkyard fortified by stacked debris and crushed cars. Two legendary fan-favorites from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare return, including "Crash," a war-torn urban environment; and "Overgrown," which features a massive dry creek bed. There are no refunds for this item. 
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3,PC,Action,78,2.5,M,Infinity Ward, Sledgehammer Games,Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 is a direct sequel to the previous game in the series, Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2, with a campaign storyline continuing the struggle of U.S. forces against an invasion by the Russian Federation following the framing of an undercover U.S. agent in a terrorist attack on Moscow. Together with classic Call of Duty multi-character control, Modern Warfare 3 contains deep multiplayer support, including two-player Co-op Survival mode. The game also contains all-new Kill Streak categories and customizable strike packages that offer more options for player combat styles and strategies. 
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 - Collection 1,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Infinity Ward,Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3's first downloadable "Collection" arrives stockpiled with four Multiplayer/Survival Mode Maps and two Special Ops Missions.
Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 - Collection 2,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Infinity Ward,Modern Warfare 3's second "Collection" deploys with 3 Multiplayer/Survival Mode Maps, 2 Special Ops Missions, and 2 all-new "Face Off" maps.
Call of Duty: United Offensive,PC,Action,87,8.3,T,Gray Matter,Call of Duty: United Offensive's single player campaign allows gamers to experience more of WWII's most crucial and legendary conflicts, including The Battle of the Bulge, The Battle of Kursk and the invasion of Sicily, as they fight through more than ten intense all-new maps.  The game features new weapons, character abilities, weather effects and explosions, adding even more realism to the chaotic battlefields. Additionally, Call of Duty:  United Offensive expands on the popular multiplayer experience of Call of Duty, offering new multiplayer maps that set the stage for tank combat, as well as tank-and-foot-soldier combined arms action, providing the ultimate battle of Axis vs. Allies.  Fans will also enjoy three new multiplayer gameplay modes, including Tank Battle, Capture the Flag and Domination - where squads must take control of key locations while preventing enemy troops from advancing. [Activision]
Call of Duty: War Chest,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.0,T,Infinity Ward,A compliation of Call of Duty, Call of Duty United Offensive, and Call of Duty 2. The pack also includes the of Duty Promotional Soundtrack sampler, and the Call of Duty United Offensive sampler strategy guide.
D,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,T,WARP,Stylish, cinematic and creepily atmospheric, D would be a good example to show your friends of what 3-D graphics animators can do on the computer these days.
D Series OFF ROAD Racing Simulation,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,devotid Media,D Series is an Off Road Racing Simulation. The game is intended for PC Computers featuring a force feedback steering wheel and pedal system but works with any style of controller. The title features 5 different vehicles and 6 large open world maps with more than 50 Miles of trails, two tracks and racing courses to explore. 
D-Bug,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Diezel Power,D-Bug is an over the top perspective action shooter where you are responsible for clearing various battlefields of bugs and zombies, using an assortment of weapons and explosives.
D-Day,PC,Strategy,56,8.2,T,Digital Reality,D-Day drops players into the role of World War II Allied forces in the final drive to liberate Europe. Throughout three campaigns and 12 missions in single player mode, D-Day challenge players to prepare troops for battle, create combat strategies, and execute one of the largest military invasions in wartime history. Players must successfully plan and execute the turning points in the liberation of Europe: the first hours of the beach landing at Omaha Beach, the paratrooper attack on Sainte Mère Eglise, the taking of the Cherbourg harbor, operation Cobra, the battle of the Falaise pocket, and the liberation of Normandy in August 1944. During the campaigns, players can call in the help of resistant forces to recon the landing areas, take advantage of the Allies' air power (bomber, glider, paratroopers), and stop the German forces' counter attacks. D-Day features over 60 historically accurate units, including rifleman, paratroopers, artillery, tanks, transports, and air support. The multiplayer mode uses GameSpy's online Matchmaking network, allowing up to 8 players to play simultaneously on 12 different maps using 3 different modes. An editor allows players to create their own multiplayer maps. [Digital Jesters]
D.C. II: Da Capo II,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Circus,NaN
D.C.: Da Capo,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Circus,NaN
D.i.R.T. - Origin of the Species,PC,Action,No score yet,3.8,M,Nu Generation Games,An innocent camping trip into the Nevada desert takes a deadly turn when military black operations test a new viral weapon codename Project G.I.Ants, designed to create battle field infantry by mutating commonly found insects and parasites. When this test run goes horribly wrong the lives of 8 friends and a desert community is altered irrevocably. Waking up in a jail appearing to be in New York the player, an urban girl in her late teens, must remember what happened and set off to find her friends and save them from the madness. There is of course a couple of problems.... The presence of the virus "Triton-76" used by "Project G.I.Ants" in the surrounding air starts to trigger powerful and frightening mutations in the player and a standard order for the elimination of any witness. Hardcore action meets RPG featuring Nu Generation's RPG Lite technology to produce an unobtrusive, straight forward and ultimately rewarding character enhancement system. Traditional blasting fans will not be disappointed either, with close to 20 traditional weapons from 9mms to S.M.G to R.P.G to Rail Gun, Pheromone gun and Graviton beam. Introducing a new and exciting main Character, "Dirt," the urban rock chick, g-string wearing girl and 'Mr Boo,' her emotive bear backpack that conveys information about the surrounding game world. [Tri Synergy]
D.N.Age,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,REMIMORY,NaN
D.U.S.T.,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Terapoly,NaN
D.W. the Picky Eater,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,EC,Living Books,NaN
D.W.A.R.F.S.,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Artifex Mundi,D.W.A.R.F.S. is an abbreviation for Dapper Wacky Although Rather Fierce Squad. Welcome to the Magic Forest! Whenever there is trouble, every single animal, big or small, can count on the dwarfs' help. Although it may seem like the squad prefer relaxation to work, the dwarfs are the greatest rescue unit in the Magic Forest, and they are always ready for action.
D/Generation HD,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,West Coast Software,In the near future, a company called Genoq has developed a range of bioweapons that have escaped into the companys headquarters. 
d2b vs. Dear Drops: Cross the Future,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Over Drive,NaN
D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die,PC,Adventure,67,7.0,NaN,Access Games,Follow the story of Detective David Young, who has the curious ability to dive back in time, and use the power of Kinect or your controller to help David solve the mystery of his murdered wife and prevent it from ever occurring.
Da New Guys: Day of the Jackass,PC,Adventure,56,6.2,NaN,Wadjet Eye Games,A nostalgic throwback to comedy games like The Secret of Monkey Island with the feel and pacing of a Saturday morning cartoon, Da New Guys: Day of the Jackass is a point-and-click adventure with humorous dialogue, clever puzzles, and a quirky art style. Under somewhat sketchy circumstances, Brain -- a member of Da New Guys wrestling trio and the worst brawler in Wrestle Zone history -- has won the title belt. (Not even his teammates Simon and Defender can believe it!) When an angry mob shows up to protest, Brain and the precious belt end up kidnapped. Now it's up to wrestling's most eclectic team to get their buddy back and defend his unlikely title -- not to mention Da New Guys' Wrestle Zone reputation.
Da Vinci's Secret,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Thunderstorm Games,Da Vinci's Secret is a puzzle game that features tons of Brain-Bending Levels and suprises at every turn.
Dad Beat Dads,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Stellar Jay Studios,Dad Beat Dads is the world's premiere Dad-based, local multiplayer brawler. Go head to head with your friends, or battle solo in one of our 3 different game modes. This ain't your daddy's dad-based video game.
Daedalus - no escape,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Patrice Meneguzzi,Controlling a space marine, walk the arena and defeat your opponents using useful weapons. No feeling, no mercy, only your gun does the talking.
Daemon Detective Gaiden,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Yal,NaN
Daemonica,PC,Adventure,65,8.3,T,Cinemax, RA Images,Daemonica is a 3D interactive mystery set in medieval England. Take on the role of Nicholas Farepoynt, an investigator who can talk to the Dead. You will explore the dark surroundings of the slowly dying city of Cavorn, talk to both the living and dead to gather information, punish the deserved, collect herbs to make potions and enhance your senses and slowly discover what role you will play in all of this. As you strive to solve the murder of a young girl, more dead appear and the town starts to slip into insanity. A grim, long-forgotten secret, something that should never see the light of day, again slowly awakes. [Meridian4]
Dagger Whitewater Rapids,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,NaN
Daily Chthonicle: Editor's Edition,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sinister Systems,NaN
Daily Espada,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Pidroh,In Daily Espada from Pidroh, players assume the role of a family man drawn into Brazil’s most bizarre game show, as he fights hordes of monsters from Brazilian mythology. 
Dairy Dash,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,PlayFirst,NaN
Dairy Queen Tycoon,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Spark Plug Games,Manage the operation of DQ stores, upgrading machines, managing staff, and keeping the business running smoothly.
Daisy Air Gun Fun,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Interactive Sports Entertainment & Marketing,Daisy Air Gun Fun combines all the fun and entertainment of air gun competition and plinking with all the safety and instruction needed to teach and guide even the most novice of shooters.
Dale Earnhardt Jr: Super Snack 500,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Skyworks Technologies,NaN
Dale Hardshovel HD,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,phime studio,NaN
Dalia and Jane,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,bengtsts,NaN
DAMAGE CONTROL,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Ross Edgar,NaN
Damage Inc.: Pacific Squadron WWII,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,T,Mad Catz,Damage Inc.: Pacific Squadron WWII is a flight-combat simulation game in which players pilot military aircraft across the Pacific Theater during World War II.
Damaged Core,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,High Voltage Software,From the makers of Conduit comes Damaged Core, the premiere first-person VR shooter built from the ground up for Oculus Rift. With a compelling 10+ hour campaign against the networked artificial intelligence known as the Core, you will be immersed in a war against robotic armies bent on destroying mankind to further their own evolution.
Damn virgins,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Luis Ruiz,NaN
Damnation,PC,Action,41,4.2,M,Blue Omega,Evolving the shooter genre with its unique combination of fluid action and combat, Damnation features huge, open environments, frenetic combat, daredevil acrobatics and high-octane vehicle-based stunts. Presenting players with an intense test of reflexes, quick thinking and rapid-fire conflict, Damnation features vast, breathtaking landscapes, each covering miles of distance and thousands of vertical feet. Billed as a "shooter gone vertical" and visually inspired by iconic elements of American history, these massive streaming landscapes form the battlegrounds for a post-industrial conflict between humanity and an unstoppable arms dealer hell-bent on total world domination. Players choose their own paths and navigate the world by performing daredevil feats on the edge of human ability. Intelligent enemies give chase and engage players in frantic gun fights and attacks that can come from any direction. With up to three hours of actual gameplay stretching out in front of them per level, players need more than just muscle power to get across each level safely. Damnation offers players a selection of vehicles, from motorbikes capable of launching across seemingly infinite chasms, to huge, armour-piercing marvels that induce mayhem with every huge shell. The high action is supported by an epic and in-depth story which, while focusing on the exploits of the hero character Rourke, is truly an ensemble piece. Players meet and become involved in intricate story plots that reveal much more than the obvious. In addition to the single player experience, Damnation comes complete with a unique set of multiplayer options that take full advantage of the game’s expansive levels. [Codemasters]
Damnation City of Death,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Antiproto,NaN
Damned,PC,Adventure,No score yet,8.5,NaN,9heads Game Studios,Youll be able to play as one of the four people that got trapped inside this haunted hotel. As a survivor your main objective will be finding your way out, as well as helping your fellows get out too. Youll often find yourself on the edge, hearing and seeing ghostly things, trying to find keys and items to help in your escape. And sometimes youll find yourself running desperately from a monster, whos there only to hunt down and kill you and your friends. Youll also be able to play as the monster. Youll assume an ethereal form, which youll use to haunt the survivors, triggering eerie noises and events. Youll also assume a physical form, which will allow you to hunt and kill the survivors trapped in the hotel. Itll be your killing spree.
Damned Cold,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Unlikely Rogue,NaN
Damned Nation Reborn,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sinister,NaN
Dance Dance Revolution,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Konami,Dance Dance Revolution is a great introduction to a truly unique series with incredibly addictive gameplay and a soundtrack that will have you humming for days.
Dance Magic,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Targem Games,The ultimate dance battle has begun! In Dance Magic, you will go against different performers who'll challenge your technical and creative dancing ability. Show your best moves and execute special stunts to rack up major points and defeat the competition! Let the beat take you to a new realm of dancing genius!
Dance of Death,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,eight game studio,NaN
Dance! It's Your Stage,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sproing Interactive Media,The stage is shrouded in dry ice, spotlights gradually focus on the centre of the stage, the curtain rises and with the first move a fantastic show explodes around you: this is your first performance! You will be dancing with the world's best. Select one of the 6 available characters, style your character using around 300 accessories and perform at 8 spectacular venues. Dance the hottest moves using the Controller or on the Dance Mat. Use the cool dance routines to show off your skills in 20 tracks that have been created exclusively for the game! In Multiplayer you can play with up to 4 players and dance against your friends, and you'll soon be looking down at your rivals from the top of the online leaderboard; the stage is yours! 
Dance! Online,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Acclaim Games,Dance! Online is a free-to-play dance game where you and thousands of players can meet and dance together. Dance! Online lets you dance with friends, compete as couples and teams, and even has a Boys vs. Girls mode! As you dance and improve, you gain levels and even place among the top 50 players in our ranking system.
DanceDanceRevolution Classroom Edition,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Konami,DanceDanceRevolution Classroom Edition is a PC based DanceDanceRevolution game crafted specially for schools and fitness classes.
DanceWall Remix,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Softkinetic, Extreme Reality,DanceWall is a gesture-recognition game bundles with the WAVI Xtion.
Dancing with the Stars,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Zoe Mode,Put on the dancing shoes of one of your 26 favorite celebrity and professional dancers from the first four seasons including Apolo Anton Ohno, Joey Fatone, Kym Johnson, Drew Lachey, Monique Coleman, Cheryl Burke, Emmitt Smith, Mario Lopez, Harry Hamlin, Karina Smirnoff, Johnathan Roberts, Alec Mazo, Stacy Keibler, Billy Ray Cyrus, John Ratzenberger, John O'Hurley, Lisa Rinna, and Laila Ali. Get ready to dance your way into the finals! Will the show's judges love you or pan your performance? Play the entire season to see if you are the winner! [ValuSoft]
Dandelion -Wishes Brought to You-,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cheritz,NaN
Dandy: Or a Brief Glimpse Into the Life of the Candy Alchemist,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,wefiends,NaN
Danganronpa 2: Goodbye Despair,PC,Adventure,84,8.3,NaN,Spike Chunsoft,Jabberwock Island-Once a popular tourist destination, you and your classmates at Hope's Peak Academy have been brought to this island by your teacher. Everyone seems to be having fun...until Monokuma returns and restarts his murderous game! Trapped on this island of mutual killing, your only hope rests in solving the islands mysteries.
Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc,PC,Adventure,83,7.9,NaN,Spike Chunsoft,Fifteen super-elite students have been locked in the school and they are forced to live in this isolated community. There is a special rule for the students: only murderers can graduate from the school, and this rule turns the prosperous school into the despairing place. The protagonist, however, does not follow this rule. He investigates murders instead of murdering somebody and tries to figure out a way to escape from the school.
Dangeron,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zeroshiki Games,NaN
Dangerous,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Binary Helix,"Dangerous is a Console-Quality iOS Game" -148apps.com"2011 Achievement for Outstanding Original Soundtrack" -iFanzine.com"Dangerous is a space simulation that has incredible depth." -iReviewT.com (scored A-)"Dangerous is without a doubt (no, seriously) the most robust space adventure available on iOS" -148apps.com"Dangerous is well worth the money..." -spacesimcentral.com (5 stars)"For people who want a really engaging, in-depth experience... Very cool and very fun..." -TheDaily.com"Another interesting feature was the "Romance" option" -unboundgamer.com"An astounding level of depth takes Dangerous where few space sims have gone before ... offering factional allegiance and NPC partner systems that are sure to whet the genre fan’s appetite." -iFanzine.com"The only "true" 4X on [mobile]?" -myandrogames.com"This game is basically an Eve Online clone ... Galaxy on Fire 2 while a fun game is child's play compared to [Dangerous]" - va2k0r on TouchArcade forumsDangerous is an epic 3D sandbox space combat RPG set in an open and living universe with an immersive and riveting story. You have been freed from cryo prison a century later, and must discover the truth. Are you the feared war criminal who will destroy all life or the savior of the universe? Gather your wingmen and travel the galaxy in search of answers. Along the way, you'll encounter a Universal AI, a shadow group pulling history's strings, a princess, a schizophrenic robot, a beautiful lieutenant of the Royal Navy, a fearsome mercenary, a suicidal slave, and a playboy fighter ace.  Dangerous is a game that is 3 years in the making! It features:- 3D real-time sandbox game built with Unity game engine- metallic shader, lighting, particle effects, lens flare, explosions, fx- space combat RPG with extensive skill tree- open and living universe where 600+ ships fly around autonomously- epic story with dialogue system that allows real choices- recruit 6 wingmen and 2 can fly with you at a time- even discover romance with another wing pilot- recruit 5 corporate pilots who can fly trade routes on your behalf- trade, fight, mine, pirate, scan for derelict ships and wormholes- many mission types: epic, freelance, dynamic, wingman acquisition, faction loyalty- deep combat mechanics, AI, and faction standings- 20+ ships, 180+ modules, 33 solar systems with a unique follow-through-warp mechanic- 15+ factions to vie favor or destroy- cinematic camera shows you the action when it happens- fly manually with or without Newtonian physics or use autopilots exclusively- 22 track theatrical-quality award-winning soundtrack by renown composer, Sean Beeson
Dangerous Golf,PC,Sports,54,3.2,NaN,Three Fields Entertainment,An arcade-eque sports game with a decidedly explosive twist. Brought to you from the founders of Criterion Games, the people behind Burnout and Black – this is Dangerous Golf.
Dangerous High School Girls in Trouble,PC,Role-Playing,81,5.9,NaN,Mousechief,Immerse yourself in passionate, social upheaval -- by flirting, taunting, playing poker, and shaving your legs. In a backward town like Brigiton, USA, the only hope for change are young women who admire Marlene Dietrich, Mae West, Myrna Loy, and Barbara Stanwyck on the silver screen. While their male counterparts deliver papers and wipe windshields, your gang of girls will plow through superstition, intolerance, repression, and last century fashions. Each victory makes them stronger. Each innuendo makes them more satisfied. Are you passionate enough to handle that kind of power? Those incapable of bending their gender, even for make-believe, will never understand... This is the game where good girls get better by being bad! [Mousechief]
Dangerous Insects,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,PrandGames,NaN
Dangerous Relationship,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dogenzaka Lab,"Dangerous Relationship" is a game where you can enjoy the dangerous world of dating a celebrity. Get seduced while you're on the job and try to keep your relationship a secret! You finally land a job in show business, which you had only ever heard of from TV and magazines. In a single day, you end up meeting an idol, an actor, a model, a musician, and a comedian, and from that day on, you suddenly change from being an ordinary citizen to being a celebrity's girlfriend.
Dangerous skies,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,teamomega,NaN
Dangerous Waters,PC,Simulation,82,8.8,E,Sonalysts,Dangerous Waters will be the first title of its kind, allowing you total control over multiple air, surface, and submarine platforms in a modern-day naval environment! The game allows you to focus your attention and to take direct control of individual crew stations and also plan and execute combined arms naval strategies from a top-down 'Commanders Eye' perspective. S.C.S. - Dangerous Waters allows you control of over 10 of the world's most potent naval units out of a total of more than 270 civilian and military surface, submarine and air units included in the game. [Battlefront.com]
Danmaku Unlimited 2,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Doragon Entertainment,NaN
Dapper Dungeon Diver,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Podunk Studioz,Dapper Dungeon Diver is a retro inspired platformer that throws players in the fine Italian shoes of a gentlemen explorer who’s gotten the worst birthday present possible when his fortune is stolen and dispersed amongst an infinite number of death filled dungeons.
Darby the Dragon,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Capitol Multimedia Kidventures,NaN
Darconika: The Cube of Soul,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Viktor Lazarev,NaN
Dariusburst: Chronicle Saviours,PC,Action,80,8.4,NaN,Pyramid,Game Features:
DARK,PC,Action Adventure,41,4.2,M,Kalypso,DARK is a stealth action game with RPG elements that lets you slip into the role of the ultimate killer... a vampire. Stalk you enemies from the shadows then use powerful vampire abilities to attack and silently dispatch them! The exciting story of DARK immerses you in a world full of blood and darkness in which the hunter can become the hunted at any time. As you unravel the mystery behind the global conglomerate that seems omnipresent and all-powerful, continually improve your character by developing powerful skills to aid you in remaining unobserved, or make quick process of those unfortunate to take too keen an interest in you.
Dark adventure,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Radiation Brain Studio,NaN
Dark Age of Camelot,PC,Role-Playing,88,8.9,T,Mythic Entertainment,Set in the Kingdom of Albion in the years immediately following the death of King Arthur, players of this MMORPG enter a world in chaos, where Arthur's peace has been shattered and dark forces threaten the Kingdom. In Camelot, players must choose to be members of one of the three Realms that are striving for mastery in this chaotic world. [Mythic Entertainment]
Dark Age of Camelot Epic Edition,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mythic Entertainment,NaN
Dark Age of Camelot Platinum Edition,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Mythic Entertainment,The Platinum Edition of Dark Age of Camelot includes the game plus all four of its expansion packs.
Dark Age of Camelot: 5th Anniversary,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Mythic Entertainment,Dark Age of Camelot: 5th Anniversary contains Dark Age of Camelot along with all seven of its expansions.
Dark Age of Camelot: Catacombs,PC,Role-Playing,83,8.8,T,Mythic Entertainment,Catacombs is the third expansion pack for Dark Age of Camelot in which players are given the opportunity to explore underground cities ? with attached adventuring areas ? based on the backstory of one underground player race per Realm. Many of these new adventures will be instanced, giving the player the chance to explore the underground world of Catacombs on their own schedule. The expansion features a major art upgrade to player character models that provides more detailed facial features, hairstyles, skin tones as well as enhanced armor and clothing options. The expansion also introduces one new player class per Realm. [Mythic Entertainment]
Dark Age of Camelot: Darkness Rising,PC,Role-Playing,76,8.0,T,Mythic Entertainment,In Darkness Rising, an evil uprising threatens the land and the mightiest heroes in the Realms are called into service. For the first time in Dark Age of Camelot, players will be able to earn the right to be called a Champion of the Realm. Players become Champions by exploring new zones and revisiting altered lands while investigating the mysterious uprising to discover its sinister underpinnings. By performing this service for their Realm, players achieve new levels of advancement and gain the ability to wield class-specific Champion Weapons. Darkness Rising also introduces majestic player-controlled horses and other more fantastic steeds which can be ridden into conflict in the war between the Realms. [Mythic Entertainment]
Dark Age of Camelot: Gold Edition,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Mythic Entertainment,Dark Age of Camelot: Gold Edition contains the complete and most up-to-date Camelot saga in one box.  The package includes the original game, the Shrouded Isles expansion pack, a free one-month subscription, and a comprehensive introduction to massively multiplayer online gaming.  Shrouded Isles extends the story of the original game and enhances the action with new character classes, races, monsters, and three new continents.  With an expansive adventure and a 45-page beginner guide, the Gold Edition is a useful introduction to the world of massively multiplayer gaming.  
Dark Age of Camelot: Shrouded Isles,PC,Role-Playing,85,8.8,T,Mythic Entertainment,The first expansion pack available for Dark Age of Camelot players. It extends the story of the original game with new character classes, new races, and three new continents to explore - displayed in an all-new state-of-the-art graphics engine that make it look as advanced as any game on the market. [Mythic Entertainment]
Dark Age of Camelot: Trials of Atlantis,PC,Role-Playing,75,7.6,T,Mythic Entertainment,Dark Age of Camelot: Trials of Atlantis is an exciting new expansion pack for the award-winning MMORPG Dark Age of Camelot. The expansion will add the capability for players to explore the primarily underwater lost civilization of Atlantis. The background story is based on the idea that the citizens of Atlantis, forecasting the demise of their society, built an obstacle course of Trials into the ruins of their civilization to be overcome by future cultures exploring the ancient lands. In Dark Age of Camelot: Trials of Atlantis, the three Realms have each found a portal to the fabled land of Atlantis. Now it's up to Hibernia, Midgard and Albion to uncover the magic and power left behind in the ruins. To do so, players must traverse the perilous ocean and confront terrifying monsters, both on land and undersea. [Mythic Entertainment]
Dark Ages,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Scenario Software,NaN
Dark Ages (1996),PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nexon,An online role-playing game inspired by Celtic and Welsh mythology.
Dark And Fear - Old Shadows,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,P.Defender,NaN
Dark and Light (2006),PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,2.6,NaN,NP Cube,Dark and Light is a real time 3D PC massively multiplayer online role-playing game set in the Heroic Fantasy and Medieval Fantastic worlds on a 15 000 square miles area divided in 10 Kingdoms of discovery and adventures and 2 protected learning Kingdoms. 2 alignments are opposed to impose their magic, the Dark one and the Light one. [NP Cube]
Dark Arcana: The Carnival,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,6.3,T,G5 Entertainment,Locate the missing woman lost in a mysterious Carnival of Horrors. 
Dark Blood,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,JCR Soft,Dark Blood is an electrifying hardcore action RPG arcade fighting game.
Dark Colony,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.5,M,GameTek,This limited method of play is similar to first-generation real-time strategy games.
Dark Earth,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,T,Kalisto,Adventurers longing for a deep and rich story, with carefully crafted characters, coupled with swashbuckling fighting action and challenging puzzles and problem solving, look no further.
Dark Echo,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,RAC7 Games,Trapped in darkness, you have to use visualized sound to guide your way through threatening environments. The sounds you create will bounce off obstacles, unveiling the shape of the surrounding world. It won't be long before your only way of sensing the world attracts a horrifying evil that devours both sound and souls.
Dark Fall 3: Lost Souls,PC,Adventure,75,7.2,NaN,Darkling Room,The third game in the Dark Fall adventure game series.
Dark Fall: Lights Out,PC,Adventure,66,7.1,T,XXV Productions,A young cartographer, Parker, is sent to the Cornish harbour town of Trewarthan, where he is to map the lethal rocks that have claimed lives through the centuries. A thick fog rolls in from the English Channel as the faithful light of Fetch Rock Lighthouse is plunged into darkness, putting the lives of those at sea in peril. Parker may be their only hope. Armed with his compass, charts and wits he sets off to uncover the mystery. Along the way he discovers that Fetch Rock and its lighthouse have a very sinister history? Is time running out? Or does it have an agenda of its own...More than 50 realistic locations to uncover and explore. Spectral activity to observe and interact with. A virtual cast of actors with voice acting by the original Dark Fall cast (the Dark Fall Players). Explore the lighthouse in three different historical time settings. [Adventure Company]
Dark Fall: The Journal,PC,Adventure,68,7.4,T,XXV Productions,Returning from work you listen to a frightened and cryptic voice message from your brother, a talented architect redeveloping the old Dowerton station in Dorset, England. Boarding a train to meet him, you travel to Dowerton alone, wondering what adventure you may be embarking on... 
Dark Fear,PC,Role-Playing,66,tbd,NaN,Arif Games,Dark Fear is a pixel horror game with RPG and adventure game elements. Explore a diverse landscape filled with forests, mountains, lakes and deserts. Make allies in the local village, upgrade your weapon and armor, go hunting/fishing and fight your way to the truth by slaying your foes, solving puzzles and helping people.
Dark Forester,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Morozov Sergey,NaN
Dark Frontier,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sea Ape Entertainment,NaN
Dark Gates,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,DFour Games,NaN
Dark Heritage: Guardians of Hope,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,World-Loom,NaN
Dark Horizon,PC,Simulation,55,5.4,E10+,Paradox Interactive,Dark Horizon is a stark and atmospheric space combat simulation that aims to hurl its audience through an action-packed adventure, piloting its own ship through the perils that only space could have to offer. It's a plot-rich experience; 22 challenging missions, laced with special features such as full ship customization, original weapon creation, joystick support, and several modes of combat. [Paradox Interactive]
Dark Horizons: Lore,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Max Gaming Technologies,Created by independent game developer, Max Gaming Technologies, Dark Horizons: Lore is set in the Dark Horizons Universe in the mid 22nd century. Packed with adrenaline-pumping action, Dark Horizons: Lore puts you in command of six outrageous Mechanized Assault Vehicles or MAVs. Remotely piloted from control pods located halfway around the globe these giant war machines are bristling with the latest in 22nd Century weaponry including plasma rifles, cannons and missiles. Customize and pilot a single MAV or gain experience and take command of a MAV group. You can even take control of an entire battalion and fight with your friends as a unit. Join a conglomerate of free nations, the Federated States, or ally yourself with the resurgent Soviet block as the Eastern Confederation. Only the men and women piloting these massive machines will decide the fate of the resource rich No Man's Land. [Garage Games]
Dark Horizons: Mechanized Corps,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Max Gaming Technologies, LLC,Wage futuristic war by piloting a fully customizable 50 foot tall mech into battle. Fight for personal glory or battle for territorial domination in a persistent online warzone with your friends in various unique battlefields and combat environments. Do your duty. Serve your people.
Dark Lore Mysteries: The Hunt For Truth,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gogii Games,A violent murder has awoken a small town with a troubled past, they thought that chapter was over with, but has it returned?
Dark Matter,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Meridian4,NaN
Dark Matter (2013),PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,1.4,NaN,Interwave Studios,NaN
Dark Messiah of Might and Magic,PC,Action,72,8.7,M,Arkane Studios,Dark Messiah of Might & Magic puts players in a first-person perspective, allowing them to immerse themselves in the legendary Might and Magic universe as never before. It is also the world's first fantasy action game to feature a complete first-person combat system. It takes full advantage of the Source Engine's exceptional technological enhancements in areas such as character animation, advanced AI, real-world physics and shader-based rendering. [Ubisoft]
Dark Night,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NighthoodGames,NaN
Dark Parables: Goldilocks and the Fallen Star,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Eipix Entertainment,NaN
e-River Cabin Journal,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Wilderness Journal Games,NaN
E.T. Armies,PC,Action,54,6.5,NaN,Raspina Studio,E.T. Armies is an action-packed, fast-paced, science-fiction first person shooter. The game takes place in a future where Earth has been reduced to ashes; It is now home to a new nation that hungers only for war. Prepare yourself to rise and defend against the invasion of the Forsaken.
E.T. Away From Home,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,This game contains 13 different board-game-style modes inspired by the sci-fi film E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial.
E.T. Interplanetary Mission,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,Players can explore the galaxy in this game inspired by the sci-fi movie E.T. The Extra Terrestrial.
E.T. Phone Home Adventure,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NaN,In this game, players assume the role of E.T. as he tries to return to his spaceship.
E.Y.E: Divine Cybermancy,PC,Role-Playing,61,6.9,RP,Streum On Studio,After unending war with metastreumonic Force, the powerful organisation Secreta Secretorum that you belong to is finally ready to undermine the head-strong federation, despite an intense struggle for power. A dark and mysterious universe (inspired by Blade Runner, Ghost in the shell and Warhammer 40K) for hours of original gameplay thanks to 10 physical and psychic skills, 14 cybernetic and upgradable implants, along with an integrated R&D system, all serving a delicate scenario where conspiracy, horror and treason rule.
e7,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Jonas Richner,This is an indie side-scrolling 2D platfomer set on a hostile planet where your objective is to deactivate a bomb on an unknown planet. 
EA Games Collection,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,EA Games,This compilation of some of the best Electronic Arts games includes Sim City 3000: Unlimited, Command & Conquer: Red Alert 2, LOTR: Return of the King, 007: Nightfire, and Need for Speed: Hot Pursuit 2. 
EA Sports 06 Collection,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,EA Sports,NaN
EA Sports 08 Collection,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Electronic Arts,NaN
EA Sports Collection,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,EA Sports,This compilation contains Electronic Arts' 2003 lineup of sports games like Madden NFL, Tiger Woods PGA Tour, NHL, MVP Baseball, and NASCAR Thunder.
EA Sports GameShow,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,6.7,NaN,EA Games,EA SPORTS GameShow gives players the opportunity to compete against sports fans from around the nation with a live game show host. EA SPORTS GameShow is a free downloadable PC game, with new programming updated on the daily basis. EA SPORTS GameShow allows participants from around the country to compete head to head, answering a series of multiple choice questions related to the world of sports. The live game show host facilitates each session, streamed over the Internet in real-time. Questions are presented through a variety of media, including text, audio and video. Players track their performance instantly, with prize incentives. The online sports trivia game also features customizable avatars and leader boards, with call outs to regional and national winners. [Electronic Arts]
EA Strategy Collection,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Electronic Arts,NaN
Eador: Genesis,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.8,NaN,Snowbird Game Studios,Eador is a universe made of countless shards of land drifting in the Great Nothing. Each of the shards is a little world unto itself, with geography and citizens of its own. The power over the shards is bitterly contested by Masters, the immortal beings mortals believe to be gods.
Eador: Masters of the Broken World,PC,Strategy,74,7.3,NaN,Snowbird Game Studios,Eador. Masters of the Broken World - is a turn-based strategy in the original fantasy setting, where the decisions you make affect the world even deeper than the battles you win. The game combines the unmatched strategic depth with boundless role-playing opportunities, granting the player the power of the immortal ruler of the magic world of Eador. The game is set for release in 2012.
Eagle Flight,PC,Action,74,tbd,E10+,FunHouse,50 years after humans vanished from the face of the Earth, nature reclaimed the city of Paris, leaving a breathtaking playground. As an eagle, you soar past iconic landmarks, dive through narrow streets, and engage in aerial dog fights to protect your territory from opponents. With intuitive controls, you quickly learn to perform impressive aerial maneuvers in the blink of an eye. Eagle Flight sends you to the skies to experience the freedom of flying and explore Paris from a never-before seen perspective.
Earn to Die 2,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Toffee Games,NaN
Earth & Beyond,PC,Role-Playing,82,7.1,T,Westwood Studios,Welcome to Earth & Beyond, the first online role-playing galaxy. It's your turn to pilot your own starship, adventure in a massive galaxy, and take part in a thriving community. Alien encounters, fierce combat, cutthroat commerce, new discoveries, perilous quests, strategic alliances, diplomatic backstabbing, and epic wars await you and the friends you meet online. Earth & Beyond allows you to build your character and career in three distinct ways: exploration, trade and combat. The game is designed around these three activities, and each race, profession, skill, starship and item affects how well you excel in these core activities. [Electronic Arts]
Earth 2140,PC,Strategy,No score yet,6.0,E,TopWare Interactive,Although it desperately clings to the precepts espoused by most real-time wargames, Earth 2140 shouldn't be quickly dismissed as just another Command & Conquer retread.
Earth 2150,PC,Strategy,78,8.5,T,TopWare Interactive,Meteor showers rain down from above. Climate changes affect how weapons and vehicles function. Fog rolls in early during the morning obstructing view range. Weapons recoil after firing. And full warfare occurs beneath the surface of the earth.  [Mattel Interactive]
Earth 2150 Trilogy,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.1,T,Various,Earth 2150 - Trilogy includes the original Earth 2150 as well as the expansion packs.
Earth 2150: Lost Souls,PC,Strategy,67,7.8,T,Zuxxez,It is the 7th of December, 2150 and the Earth is quickly coming to an end. An ongoing feud between the Eurasian Dynasty and the United Civilized States has left the planet in disarray - people are hungry, resources are scarce and agricultural production has stopped. But the situation is getting even worse. A series of nuclear explosions near Antarctica have altered the Earth's orbit around the sun, making glaciers melt and the seas rise to threatening levels and the catastrophe has been worsened by meteorite showers that have buried whole parts of the planet. Thanks to a group of scientists from the Lunar Corporation, a long forgotten colony on the Moon, many people have managed to escape the terror and make their way to the nearby safety of Mars, but an unlucky few - the Lost Souls - have been left behind. And now they are seeking revenge. [Strategy First]
Earth 2150: The Moon Project,PC,Strategy,75,7.9,T,TopWare Interactive,It is 2150, one of the darkest years in the history of mankind. While the Lunar Corporation, Eurasian Dynasty, and the United Civilized States battle it out to the bitter end on the home planet, a secret research project is underway on the moon. Only the project code name is known -- "Project SunLight."  [Game Sudios]
Earth 2160,PC,Strategy,73,7.5,T,Reality Pump,EARTH 2160 is the official sequel of the award winning, very popular and top selling EARTH series and continues the brand of "Earth 2140" and "Earth 2150." Only a few thousand humans managed to escape from the Earth before its collapse in 2150 A.D. They spent the next few years on the terra forming of the red planet, developing new technologies and building up new civilisations. Somehow each of the three fractions "Eurasian Dynasty", "United Civilised States" and "Lunar Corporation" did this independently and separately from each other - but in the year 2160 something strange happens in this new world. If ED, UCS and LC join forces or continue their old war against each other - is possibly now, up to the player. Beside the usual venues in the solar system, there are some strange looking locations: planets with moving and reflecting liquid surfaces. And beside the standard RTS - resource acquisition, base building and destruction of enemy bases, the year 2160 will have some adventure inspired tasks for the players. [Zuxxez]
Earth Defenders HD,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,InvaderGames,NaN
Earth Defense Force 4.1: The Shadow of New Despair,PC,Action,79,8.6,NaN,Sandlot,We knew they were coming. We did all we could to prepare. But they still set the world on fire.
Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon,PC,Action,69,7.0,T,Vicious Cycle,Taking place in the fictional city of New Detroit, Earth Defense Force: Insect Armageddon is a completely new game developed by Vicious Cycle that takes on the concept of Earth Defense Force 2017 (Japanese Title "Earth Defense Force 3" developed by SANDLOT).  Insect Armageddon continues to follow the rich history of casual fun and addictive gameplay that made the franchise a cult classic.  Insect Armageddon also adds a new aspect to the Earth Defense Force  series that was born in Japan, with additional elements for all EDF soldiers to experience.  The Campaign mode that lets up to three players team up online to battle the insects and aliens across a completely destroyable city.  Every EDF soldier is armed with over 150 weapons and four upgradeable armor sets and engages in nonstop arcade action that is the fastest and deadliest in the series.  In addition, the game also features a six-player Survival mode that pits a human squad against a nonstop onslaught of the largest enemies the aliens have to offer.  New Detroit's giant bug problem is unavoidable, and mankind's last hope lies with the Earth Defense Force to defend the world from the insect swarm, even if it means blowing up the entire city as part of the extermination process.
Earth Eternal,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sparkplay Media,Featuring deep, original content, Earth Eternal has a 3D graphical look and feel that is more typical of top tier downloadable MMOs. The game takes place in an expansive world where players will encounter everything from verdant valleys to desert oases to dark, corrupted forests to major cities like Camelot and Heartwood, the tree city. While Earth Eternal is a true browser-based 3D MMO, Sparkplay Media will also offer an optional download. The gameplay experience will be the same whether in the browser or via the downloadable client.
Earth Overclocked,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Guys and a Box,NaN
Earth Under Siege,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Insane,MORE THAN 100.000 DOWNLOADS! TOP #1 IN CHINA AND 5 OTHER STORES!!! TOP #10 IN MORE THAN 25 STORES!Featured on the AppStore Home Page at "What's Hot" and "New and Noteworthy"."It is one of the best iPad games in the store." - iPwnGamesThe Earth is under siege.All major cities were destroyed by a powerful alien race. What lies ahead is the most deadly war the world has ever seen. Help defend our world in this fast paced strategy game. The enemy has many resources and many different weapons, but you also have many ways to defend the planet. Be prepared to face the enemy ships and end this menace with many turrets and it's upgrades. It's time to break this siege and drive the enemies back to the own home planet.Features: - High quality graphics - High quality sound (use your phones!) - Solid performance on iPad and iPad2 - Many hours of game play + endless Survivor mode - Many unique enemies and bosses - Many unique turrets at your arsenalOn Earth Under Siege, your mission is to defend earth. You will be able to choose between 8 giant towers to build and upgrade at strategic spots! There are different kind of upgrades for each tower that changes their functionality making each challenge unique even if you're playing the same level. Your towers don't shoot by themselves, it's up to you to know how to explore ipad's multi-touch functionalities to try to control as many towers as you can creating massive space destruction. Some towers will require that you keep pressing and targeting enemies to shoot while some other you can just pull the trigger but with less aiming functionality. They are all completely different from each other, it's up to you to decide the best combination for each level.There are several kind of enemies that attacks on their own unique way. You will have to learn how to fight each of them!The campaign have 45 levels with amazing boss fights, also there is a Survival mode for players who loves a good challenge!Visit  http://www.earthundersiege.com/for more screenshots, videos and music!Join Earth Under Siege Facebook page and Twitter.
Earth: Year 2066,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Killing Day Studios,Earth: Year 2066 is a first person sci-fi apocalyptic open-world game where your main aim is to survive. Set in post-apocalyptic future, you take on the role as a survivor of a nuclear war between USA and China. You became a mutant because of radiation. You need to get to the safe place, called "GOD'S HOUSE" to survive. Dangerous journey is waiting for you. Earth: Year 2066 is inspired by Half-Life and Fallout.
Earthlock: Festival of Magic,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Snow Castle Games,Earthlock is an adventure RPG inspired by the classic 3D RPGs of the late 90's, with a fresh take on turn based combat and character progression.
Earthrise,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,2.8,RP,Masthead Studios,Featuring a unique skill-based advancement system and player-driven economy, as well as extensive, meaningful player-vs.-player combat, Earthrise gives you innumerable choices to forge your destiny. Whether you're a noble soldier in the raging conflict between the Utopia and the rebellion, a criminal hiding from the law or a world-renowned engineer whose power extends into intricate trade and politics, your actions will echo throughout the game world.
Earthsiege 2,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Dynamix,NaN
Earthtongue,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Eric Hornby,NaN
Earthworm Jim,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Kinesoft,Jim wasn't always a studly super-worm. He was once just a spineless, dirt eater with no real mission in life... Then a cosmic twist of fate placed him in control of an ultra-high-tech-indestructible-super-space-cyber-suit. Now Jim must make it to Princess-What's-Her-Name by staying clear of Psy-Crow, the intergalactic bounty hunter, until the final battle with Queen Slug-for-a-Butt.
Earthworm Jim 1&2: The Whole Can 'O Worms,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Rainbow Arts,The combination of wacky sound effects and silly character renderings harksback to the twisted trailers of Tex Avery.
Earthworm Jim 2,PC,Action,No score yet,7.8,K-A,Rainbow Arts,From Evil the Cat's'Circus of the Scars' to the planet of Meat, join Jim on a madcap chase across the galaxy. Saving cows, thwarting lawyers and outsmarting Psy-Crow are all in a day's work for Jim. Are you up to the challenge? Can you handle the awesome new weapons? Excellent! Then stop reading this. Try it now! Trust no one, play it yourself.. or EAT DIRT!
Earthworm Jim 3D,PC,Action,No score yet,5.2,E,VIS Entertainment,Earthworm Jim, spineless superhero, wriggles back into action as the Groovy Guardian of Goodness in an incredible journey of cheese-curdling proportions. Left unconscious by a massive cow-induced blow to the head and clad in his indestructible, high-tech super suit, Earthworm Jim continues the battle for truth, justice and well aerated soil. He sure is going to need your help to guide him through his 3D fun-house of a brain.
East Front,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TalonSoft,East Front remains a paradox. Parts of it are exceptionally well done whileother parts tend to cancel out its positive aspects.
East Front II: The Russian Front,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TalonSoft,East Front II is everything the original East Front should have been when it was released. It's big, engrossing, enjoyable, and true to its board game roots.
East India Company,PC,Action Adventure,67,5.7,T,Nitro Games,In East India Company, players enjoy building the World's most powerful trading empire and engaging in fierce battles in both single player and multiplayer modes. Players fight, manage and rule their trading empires from Europe to the Far East with eight nationalities to choose from: British, Dutch, French, Danish, Portuguese, Swedish, Italian or Spanish. Starting modestly, you build your fleet, establish connections to far away countries, and keep rival nations at bay. Choose from a wide array of ship classes, including a variety of transport and military vessels. Create diverse fleets and assign each of them specific trading routes. Control and upgrade well situated ports as you form your strategy for domination. Conflicts and wars are inevitable. When hostile fleets engage each other, the spectacular naval battles are fought on a real-time tactical level. Devastating broadsides are fired with a deafening roar and cannon balls tear through enemy ships and their crew. For greater tactical depth, you can, at any point, take direct command of any of your ships and feel the battle close up! Fight against the other European powers to create a trading empire that will rule above all others in this groundbreaking strategy game. [Lighthouse Interactive]
East India Company Collection,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Nitro Games,Based on the historical East India Companies of the 18th century, East India Company Collection comprises of East India Company (the Director's Cut version), along with the expansions Pirate Bay, Privateer and Battle of Trafalgar. 
East India Company: Battle of Trafalgar,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nitro Games,A complement to the original East India Company, East India Company: Battle of Trafalgar recreates the legendary naval battle fought between the British Royal navy and the combined fleets of the French and Spanish navies during the height of the Napoleonic wars in late 1805. Featuring historically accurate ships from all three fleets along with the key naval personnel of the battle, East India Company: Battle of Trafalgar is a simulation of what in reality was the most decisive British naval victory of the war. Led by Admiral Lord Nelson aboard the HMS Victory, the outnumbered British fleet sank 22 enemy vessels off of the South West coast of Spain without a single ship of their own being lost.
East India Company: Pirate Bay,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nitro Games,Want to concentrate on naval combat, looting trade ships and raiding ports? Pirate Bay is add-on campaign to East India Company that lets you play as a pirate.
East India Company: Privateer,PC,Action Adventure,63,5.6,NaN,Nitro Games,East India Company: Privateer is an expansion for the popular naval strategy title, East India Company. The expansion introduces players to the nebulous world of the privateer, who forges alliances based solely on a thirst for fortune and will go to any length to see that his job is fulfilled. Featuring new campaigns and commander skills, East India Company: Privateer offers players even more intense action on the high seas. [Paradox]
East Side Story - A Carol Reed Mystery,PC,Adventure,73,tbd,NaN,MDNA Games,On her fourth year in Sweden, Carol finally decides to have a long summer vacation, reading novels in her hammock and looking after her allotment. However, her vacation is soon interrupted when she receives a letter from a friend visiting Paris. The person he's travelling with has just gotten a message that a vagrant has been killed in his Swedish apartment, after sneaking in there to sleep. As he can't leave Paris at the moment, he has asked his friend to turn to Carol to find the truth about the strange incident. Starting off with no clues at all, Carol is soon wrapped up in her longest and most complex case to date. [MDNA Games]
East Tower - Akio,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,roseVeRte,*This game is in English!Fully voiced mystery visual novel for girls!This game is the story of Akio, who is one of many obtainable guys.---STORYSakuya Morita (Name is changeable) always thought that her situation will be better if she was born as a man. One day, she was given the chance to try the new attraction at the Dream World virtual theme park, called the East Tower. Dream World is a virtual world where your inner wish can come true. Inside, Sakuya manages to transform into a man like what she has been wishing for. Later she finds other participants have also changed their appearance. And then an incident occurs, trapping everyone inside the virtual world.What actually happened? Will they be able to return back to reality?Everything is not as simple as it seems.---ABOUT AKIO STORYAs a man, Sakuya wants to act as a reliable big brother. Therefore she asked the child in front of her to be her partner. However, he is not really a little boy, but his original form is after all an adult. Why did he want to become a child? Can both of them find a way out of there? Enjoy their lovely adventure which is filled with cute misunderstandings!---FEATURE- You can get different endings depending on the selection you made. If you managed to beat all stages with S Rank, you will open the hidden stage, the Love Stage and find out what happened between the two main characters!- You do not have to start over each time you get a game over. You can choose to repeat at the beginning of the stage.- BGM, SFX, Voice, everything will be available in this game. You might also find some simple and nifty flash animation!- A story's development that you might never have thought about. This game is just different!- You can share your results as you pass through every stage on Twitter, Facebook Share and Tumblr! Let people know about how far you did on it!---EAST TOWER SERIESEast Tower is a mystery, comedy visual novel game for girls, which is developed for iOS). The game will be released per character path, and there is a mystery that connects them together. We suggest you play the games based on the order below to enjoy the game to its fullest.1. PROLOGUE (LITE)2. AKIO3. TAKASHI4. KUON5. KURENAI---CASTAkio - Taichi TanukidaAkio (Child) - Eruru TakedaTakashi - Souta HigurashiKuon - LerageRedhead Man (Kurenai) - SakatoDaiki Morita - Yuya KakitsubataPretty Lady (Yoshimi Yasuda) - misaki---OTHER INFOOFFICIAL SITE: http://www.roseverte.net/east/en/FACEBOOK PAGE: http://www.facebook.com/roseverte.gamesTWITTER: http://www.twitter.com/ros3v3rt3*This game does not support silent mode in your device. Please turn down the volume manually from the configuration menu. *You need iOS 4 or higher to play.
East Tower - Kuon,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,roseVeRte,Fully voiced mystery visual novel for girls! (Voices are in Japanese)This game is the story of Kuon, who is one of many obtainable guys.---STORYSakuya Morita (Name is changeable) always thought that her situation will be better if she was born as a man. One day, she was given the chance to try the new attraction at the Dream World virtual theme park, called the East Tower. Dream World is a virtual world where your inner wish can come true. Inside, Sakuya manages to transform into a man like what she has been wishing for. Later she finds other participants have also changed their appearance. And then an incident occurs, trapping everyone inside the virtual world.What actually happened? Will they be able to return back to reality?Everything is not as simple as it seems.---ABOUT KUON STORY The man who seems to be the eldest amongst them keeps staring at Sakuya. He instantly rejects Sakuya's offer to be her partner, though later they have no choice but to team up together. He seems to know much about the attraction and about Sakuya herself, but he doesn't explain anything to her.What does he hide from her?And then their adventure comes closer to the secret of the East Tower...---FEATURE- You can get different endings depending on the selection you made. If you managed to beat all stages with S Rank, you will open the hidden stage, the Love Stage and find out what happened between the two main characters!- 53 CGs (including variations)- You do not have to start over each time you get a game over. You can choose to repeat at the beginning of the stage.- BGM, SFX, Voice, everything will be available in this game. You might also find some simple and nifty flash animation!- A story's development that you might never have thought about. This game is just different!- You can share your results as you pass through every stage on Twitter, Facebook Share and Tumblr! Let people know about how far you did on it!---EAST TOWER SERIESEast Tower is a mystery, comedy visual novel game for girls. The game will be released per character path, and there is a mystery that connects them together. We suggest you play the games based on the order below to enjoy the game to its fullest.1. PROLOGUE (LITE) - also included in all versions.2. AKIO3. TAKASHI4. KUON5. KURENAI---CASTKuon (Both of original and adult form)- LerageAkio - Taichi TanukidaAkio (Child) - Eruru TakedaTakashi - Souta HigurashiRedhead Man (Kurenai) - SakatoDaiki Morita - Yuya KakitsubataPretty Lady (Yoshimi Yasuda) - misaki---OTHER INFOOFFICIAL SITE: http://www.roseverte.net/east/en/FACEBOOK PAGE: http://www.facebook.com/roseverte.gamesTWITTER: http://www.twitter.com/ros3v3rt3*You need iOS 4 or higher to play.
East Tower - Kurenai,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,roseVeRte,NaN
East Tower - Takashi,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,roseVeRte,*This game is in English! Fully voiced mystery visual novel for girls! (Voices are in Japanese) This game is the story of Takashi, who is one of many obtainable guys. --- STORY Sakuya Morita (Name is changeable) always thought that her situation will be better if she was born as a man. One day, she was given the chance to try the new attraction at the Dream World virtual theme park, called the East Tower. Dream World is a virtual world where your inner wish can come true. Inside, Sakuya manages to transform into a man like what she has been wishing for. Later she finds other participants have also changed their appearance. And then an incident occurs, trapping everyone inside the virtual world. What actually happened? Will they be able to return back to reality? Everything is not as simple as it seems. --- ABOUT TAKASHI STORY Before Sakuya decided who she would pick, a pretty woman came and asked her to be her partner. Even though she appears to be a pretty woman, she should be a man in real life, since all the participants beside her are males. A man who hopes to be a woman, with a woman who hopes to be a man. Why not? This might be interesting! And so, their adventure begins.--- FEATURE - You can get different endings depending on the selection you made. If you managed to beat all stages with S Rank, you will open the hidden stage, the Love Stage and find out what happened between the two main characters! - You do not have to start over each time you get a game over. You can choose to repeat at the beginning of the stage. - BGM, SFX, Voice, everything will be available in this game. You might also find some simple and nifty flash animation! - A story's development that you might never have thought about. This game is just different! - 41 CGs (including variations)- You can share your results as you pass through every stage on Twitter, Facebook Share and Tumblr! Let people know about how far you did on it! --- EAST TOWER SERIES East Tower is a mystery, comedy visual novel game for girls, which is developed for iOS). The game will be released per character path, and there is a mystery that connects them together. We suggest you play the games based on the order below to enjoy the game to its fullest. 1. PROLOGUE (LITE) - also included in all versions. 2. AKIO 3. TAKASHI 4. KUON 5. KURENAI --- CAST Takashi - Souta Higurashi Yoshimi Yasuda - misakiTakashi (child) - Jun HarukiAkio - Taichi Tanukida Akio (Child) - Eruru Takeda Kuon - Lerage Redhead Man (Kurenai) - Sakato Daiki Morita - Yuya Kakitsubata Mysterious Boy - Mitsuki Touzaki--- OTHER INFO OFFICIAL SITE: http://www.roseverte.net/east/en/ FACEBOOK PAGE: http://www.facebook.com/roseverte.games TWITTER: http://www.twitter.com/ros3v3rt3 *This game does not support silent mode in your device. Please turn down the volume manually from the configuration menu. *You need iOS 4 or higher to play.
Easter Bonus,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Grey Alien Games,Spring into action and play Easter Bonus. Slick and addictive and really, really cute; this is the latest game from the Xmas Bonus team. Fluffy chicks, chocolate eggs and the Easter bunny...we know you can't resist. A calorie-free treat for players of all ages.
Eastside Hockey Manager,PC,Sports,No score yet,8.0,NaN,Sports Interactive,NaN
Easy St. Tycoon,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,DerekIndieDev,NaN
Eaten Alive,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Space Cat Studios,Eaten Alive is a Point and Click, Adventure, Horror game with Puzzle and Mystery game-play elements. Take control of 'Mia' six years after the apocalypse began, the dead don't stay dead and the earth is in a permanent state of darkness. This game contains adult themes. 
Ecchi Mery and the Perils of the Cosmic Shrine,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Anagura,NaN
Ecco Jr.,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Sega,Somewhere there is a place called the Endless Sea. There lives a giant whale named Big Blue.
Ecco the Dolphin (Genesis),PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Sega,Life was an adventure for Ecco, the young dolphin. The ocean seemed endless with rolling breakers to race through!
Ecco: The Tides of Time,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Sega,The Vortex, the nearly invincible, secret, yet supremely dangerous enemy, now seems so far away.
Echelon,PC,Simulation,70,6.5,E,Buka Entertainment,Russia's Buka Entertainment developed this space/air-combat game which combines elements from filght sim and science-fiction action games, and which pits young hotshot fighter pilots against an alien race of Velians in a series of fast-paced battles.
Echelon: Wind Warriors,PC,Simulation,63,7.8,T,Buka Entertainment,Defend your race against a ruthless, faceless enemy determined to destroy your entire civilization. Use your cunning, guile and 18 ultra-sonic deadly aircraft in dogfights, bombing runs and reconnaissance missions. You are the only hope! Complete 40 white knuckle missions in arcade or simulation mode. Order wingmen to attack enemies, defend assets or relieve them of duty and single-handedly rain down a furious attack! Attack enemies with 16 powerful hi-tech weapons including plasma cannons, machine guns, torpedoes and guided missiles. Success in battle can win you prestigious awards like the Steel Rose, Gold Cross or Steel Boot! [Encore Software]
Echo Of Soul,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.6,NaN,Aeria Games & Entertainment,Harvest the souls of your fallen enemies to become ever more powerful. Featuring 1,600+ quests, 60 party and solo dungeons, highly competitive PvP modes and advanced character customization, Echo of Soul gives you the power to tailor your experience and play exactly how you want, when you want.
Echo of the Wilds,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Anthony Case,NaN
Echo Prime,PC,Action,50,tbd,NaN,Robot Entertainment,Battle a myriad of dangerous alien creatures, space pirates, and killer mercenaries with blaster and blade as you travel from star to star, uncovering the secrets of the multiverse. Make contact with the Echoes, mysterious beings from alternate universes who will lend you their abilities and aid you in your quest to save humanity from an alien menace. Acquire a myriad of powerful weapons and armor, watch your abilities grow to unmatched levels, and prepare to take on the most fearsome opponents in the galaxy.
Echo Tokyo: Intro,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dharker Studio,NaN
Echo Tokyo: Phoenix,PC,Adventure,No score yet,NaN,NaN,AJTilley.com, Dharker Studio,NaN
Echo: Secrets of the Lost Cavern,PC,Adventure,71,7.9,E,Kheops Studio,Delve into a world of exploration and intrigue as you embark on a quest filled with puzzles and mystery. Use your wits and powers of observation to survive the vast wilderness as your journey leads you to one of mankind's forgotten wonders. Experience your adventure through the eyes of Arok and meet many fascinating characters. Contend with the wild world where fishing, hunting, gathering, and mysterious shamanist ceremonies are all part of the struggle for survival as you unravel the secrets of the lost cavern. Also featured is an integrated encyclopedia filled with historically accurate data on the Paleolithic period. Pristine photo-realistic graphics and environments including rivers, troglodyte caves, and green valleys, will take players back to the dawn of human existence. [Adventure Company]
Echoes,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Binary Zoo Studios,A bit like Asteroids' hyperactive, crazy brother displayed in blur-o-vision and viewed through psychedelic sunglasses in a cheap nightclub.
Echoes Of Aetheria,PC,Role-Playing,77,8.0,NaN,Dancing Dragon games,Two nations finally achieve peace, marked by a momentous royal wedding. But just as they seal it with a kiss, a group of soldiers sabotage the wedding and kidnap the bride! Follow the story of Lucian, Ingrid, and Soha, as they uncover the secrets of the conspiracy and expose the true villains.
Echoes of Sorrow,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,T,Alawar Entertainment, Inc, Alawar Entertainment,Echoes of Sorrow pushes the boundaries of storytelling and character development in games with its account of what happens when a woman sets out to remember what she has chosen to forget. Within the familiar framework of a hidden object adventure, players will accompany Rose into a stunning dream world that allows her to explore four tragedies that shook the foundation of her soul. As she battles the Darkness that tries to stop her, she begins to piece together the reality of what happened and realizes she must either wake up or die.
Echoes of the Fey: The Fox's Trail,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Woodsy Studio,Echoes of the Fey: The Fox's Trail is a visual novel that blends the magic of high fantasy and the mystery of a classic detective story. Play as Sofya Rykov, a private investigator with a secret of her own the power to turn into a cat as she searches for the truth behind a missing Leshin soldier.
Echoes of the Past: Royal House of Stone,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,T,Orneon Ltd.,Having made an incredible journey in time, youll find yourself in the medieval kingdom of Orion. Reveal an ancient curse and save the kingdom and its inhabitants. The last prince of Orion is waiting for your help! Open the weird locks and explore every room of the castle in Echoes of the Past: Royal House of Stone. You will meet the castles inhabitants and learn the horrible mystery of the royal family in this exciting Hidden Object Adventure game.
Echoes of the Past: The Castle of Shadows,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Orneon Ltd.,After discovering an ancient painting, the Royal House Museum invites you to explore the recovered artifacts, and the mysteries within. Restore the royal amulet to break an ancient curse and stop an evil witch from regaining her terrible powers! Dive into Echoes of the Past  The Castle of Shadows and save the royal family from their curse and explore a fascinating world full of Hidden Object scenes, and perplexing puzzles.
Echoes of the Past: The Kingdom of Despair,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Orneon Limited,NaN
Echoes of the Past: The Revenge of the Witch,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Orneon Limited,NaN
Echoes+,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Binary Zoo Studios,Destroy the Universe in a rainbow of sugar rush colours, viewed through psychedelic sunglasses in a cheap 80's nightclub. TRANSLATION: A fun, chaotic twin-stick shoot-em-up with 6 game modes, 4 difficulty settings, 24 high score tables, 100 trials, multiple power-ups and weapons. And it's not terrible (You might even like it!)
Echoshade,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,danlthemanl,NaN
eCity,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,virtualcampus,NaN
Eclipse: Defending the Motherland,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hangzhou NezhaGames,NaN
Eclipse: New Dawn for the Galaxy,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Big Daddy's Creations,Alliances are shattering, and hasty diplomatic treaties are made in secrecy. A confrontation of the superpowers seems inevitable – only the outcome of the galactic conflict remains to be seen. Which faction will emerge victorious and rule the galaxy? A game of Eclipse places you in control of a vast interstellar civilization, competing for success with its rivals. You will explore new star systems, research technologies, and build mighty spaceships. There are many potential paths to victory, so you need to plan your strategy considering the strengths and weaknesses of your species, while paying attention to the other civilizations' endeavors. Eclipse other civilizations and lead your people to victory! FEATURES * Official iOS version of the 'Eclipse: New Dawn for the Galaxy' boardgame * Deep and challenging 4X (eXplore, eXpand, eXploit, and eXterminate) gameplay * 7 species with different strengths and weaknesses * Customizable star systems, technology tree and ship designs * Up to 6 players (human or AI) * Asynchronous multiplayer with push notifications * 3 AI difficulty levels * In-game tutorial & manualEclipse received multiple awards:* 2011 Charles S. Roberts Best Science-Fiction or Fantasy Board Wargame Nominee* 2011 Jogo do Ano Nominee* 2012 Golden Geek Board Game of the Year Winner* 2012 Golden Geek Golden Geek Best Strategy Board Game Winner* 2012 International Gamers Award - General Strategy: Multi-player Nominee* 2012 JoTa Best Gamer Game Audience Award* 2012 JUG Game of the Year Winner* 2012 Ludoteca Ideale Winner* 2012 Lys Passioné Winner* 2012 Tric Trac Nominee
Eclipsed,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Christ Laurenz Sambrano,NaN
Eco Match,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,NaN
EcoRescue - Project Rainforest,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,digitalBrandPlay, LLC,NaN
ecotone,PC,Action,No score yet,6.8,NaN,Sundae Factory,NaN
Ecstatica II,PC,Action,No score yet,7.0,M,Andrew Spencer,The square footage of Ecstatica II far surpasses that of its predecessor.
Ed, Edd n Eddy: The Mis-Edventures,PC,Action,35,7.1,E,Artificial Mind and Movement,Ed, Edd n Eddy: The Mis-Edventures is based on the slap-stick adventures of Cartoon Network's favorite three musketeers of adolescence; Ed, Edd ("Double D") and Eddy. Ed, Edd n Eddy: The Mis-Edventures boasts as a unique tag team adventure game in which players are able to switch Eds on the fly to take advantage of their special abilities. Ed can lift, throw and smash objects. Edd can either enable or disable mechanical devices and in a pinch he can pull out his trusty slingshot. Eddy can make the neighborhood kids run away in fear of being the target of his El Mongo Stink Bomb! Players will also be able to execute special all-Ed formations that extend their own unique gameplay capabilities, including the Batter-Ed, Trampol-Edd and the Tower-of-Eddy. Get ready to encounter all of the characters from the show, even the Kanker sisters, as the Eds' focus on scheming up plans to make money to buy their beloved jawbreakers. [Midway]
Edelweiss,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Over Drive,How hard would you study if a good GPA could take you to a sex paradise? Kazushi and his buddies are fed up with their poor grades and boring high school life. Just when their sex crave was ready to burst out, they found out about the exchange student program to a girls high school on an isolated island: A ticket to sex paradise!
Edelweiss Deluxe Set,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Over Drive,NaN
Edelweiss: Eiden Fantasia,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Over Drive,NaN
Eden Eternal,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.8,RP,X-Legend,In Eden Eternal, players will trek across a magical realm filled with vibrant races, robust monsters, and prosperous villages as they work to uncover ancient secrets surrounding the mysterious Soul Stone. Help the powerful Eternal Children solve the enigma of their origin and ultimately bring peace to the continent as part of your final quest.
Eden Eternal: Everwinter Knights,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,X-Legend,Everwinter Knights is an expansion for Eden Eternal .
Eden Eternal: Shadows of the Past,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,X-Legend,Shadows of the Past is an expansion for Eden Eternal .
Eden River HD - A Virtual Reality Relaxation Experience,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Unello Design,NaN
Eden*,PC,Adventure,No score yet,7.0,M,Minor I, minori,A story of the planet's final love story told using the full force of minori's illustrative style, musical compositions, and the staff that has led fans coming back.
Eden* Plus + Mosaic,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,AO,Minor I, minori,NaN
Edgar,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lucas Parise,NaN
Edgar Torronteras' Moto-X 2000,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,NaN
Edge,PC,Action,74,7.6,NaN,Two Tribes, Mobigame,EDGE is the third Indie game, after Swords & Soldiers and Frenzic, to be redeveloped and taken to other platforms by Two Tribes.
Edge Guardian,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hypothermic Games,NaN
Edge of Dawn,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Blackjard,NaN
F!shing,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,AtkinsSJ,NaN
F-1 DRIVE,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dima Kiva,NaN
F-15,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Jane's Combat Simulations,Following hot on the heels of Longbow 2, F-15 is, if possible, an even more impressive piece of work.
F-15C: DCS Flaming Cliffs,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Eagle Dynamics,NaN
F-16 Aggressor,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,GSI Limited,The real shame of it is there is a fine, fine flight simulator at the core of Aggressor.
F-16 Fighting Falcon,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Aerosoft,NaN
F-22 Lightning 3,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,NovaLogic,Mass Destruction! Use tactical nuclear weapons to level entire city regions. The most realistic weather environments ever created. Changing weather effects including: rain, snow, hail, and wind. Extreme temperatures affect flight performance. Fly it yourself or let the world's most advanced fighter do it for you!
F-22 Lightning II,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,NovaLogic,I enjoyed F-22 on a simple, mindless level: it was fun.
F-22 Raptor,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,NovaLogic,F-22 Raptor is essentially F-22 Lightning II reissued.
F.E.A.R.,PC,Action,88,8.3,M,Monolith Productions,F.E.A.R. (First Encounter Assault and Recon), is an intense first person close-quarters combat experience with rich atmosphere and an engaging storyline. The story begins as an unidentified paramilitary force infiltrates a multi-billion dollar aerospace compound. The government responds by sending in Special Forces, but loses contact as an eerie signal interrupts radio communications. When the interference subsides moments later, the team has been literally torn apart. As part of a classified strike team created to deal with threats no one else can handle, your mission is simple: Eliminate the intruders at any cost. Determine the origin of the signal. And contain this crisis before it spirals out of control. [Vivendi Universal]
F.E.A.R. 2: Project Origin,PC,Action,79,7.8,M,Monolith Productions,The sequel to F.E.A.R. continues the original game's spine-tingling supernatural suspense story of an escalating paranormal crisis that threatens to destroy a major American city. At the center of the calamity is the mysterious Alma, whose rage against those who wronged her triggered a chain of events that have spiraled completely out of control. Now that she has free reign, the consequences will be unimaginable. [Warner Bros.]
F.E.A.R. 3,PC,First-Person Shooters,74,5.9,M,Day 1 Studios,Alma returns in F.E.A.R. 3 but this time her sons Point Man and Paxton Fettel introduce divergent co-op, giving players distinctly different abilities affecting their own play as well as the experience of their co-op partner. Gamers participate in single player or co-op modes as Point Man, a genetically enhanced super soldier originally introduced in F.E.A.R., or they can play cooperatively as his conniving brother Paxton Fettel, whose incredible telekinetic power has given him life beyond the grave.
F.E.A.R. Combat,PC,Action,90,7.7,M,Monolith Productions,F.E.A.R. Combat, a free multiplayer component from the original PC title F.E.A.R., includes all the updates, all the new official maps and the new official modes released for F.E.A.R. Multiplayer in one downloadable file. F.E.A.R. Combat users will be able to play against the owners of the retail version of F.E.A.R. as well as the other F.E.A.R. Combat users. 10 Multiplayer Game modes, 19 Multiplayer Maps, 12 different weapons, Punkbuster support for anti cheat support, The capability to download user generated content. [Sierra Entertainment]
F.E.A.R. Extraction Point,PC,Action,75,7.5,M,Monolith Productions, TimeGate Studios,Defeating the forces of Armacham was only the beginning. The F.E.A.R. - Extraction Point Expansion Pack takes you to the next chapter - now Alma is looking for retribution. The game kicks off where the original game ended – with a bang. The First Encounter Assault Recon Team (F.E.A.R.) returns to battle the now free Alma and her paranormal minions across a destroyed city. New locations, weaponry and enemies combine to take the F.E.A.R. franchise to new levels of action and suspense. [Vivendi Games]
F.E.A.R. Gold Edition,PC,Action,No score yet,8.0,M,Monolith Productions,F.E.A.R. Gold is the premium package that combines the award winning Director's Edition F.E.A.R. with the 2006 Expansion Pack of the Year winner F.E.A.R. Extraction Point. F.E.A.R.: A paramilitary force infiltrates a multi billion dollar aerospace compound taking hostages, but issuing no demands. F.E.A.R. Extraction Point: Defeating the forces of Armacham was only the beginning - now Alma is looking for retribution!
F.E.A.R. Online,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,4.0,M,Inplay Interactive,Engulf yourself once more in the horrific story of Alma Wade as you search for the reasons behind her destructive powers. Battle against both grotesque monsters and rival players as you unravel a terrifying mystery.
F.E.A.R. Perseus Mandate,PC,Action,61,7.3,M,TimeGate Studios,You are a member of a secondary F.E.A.R. team that is brought in to find more information regarding the secret project at Armacham. F.E.A.R. Perseus Mandate, an all-new stand-alone expansion pack, offers both seasoned gamers and those who have never played the original F.E.A.R. (First Encounter Assault Recon) the ability to jump-in and experience the fright with a brand new team in an all-new experience. Uncover the mystery that surrounds Armacham and truth behind the Perseus project. Employ new weapons, including the Chain Lightning Gun, Grenade Launcher, and Advanced Rifle. Face off against a horrifying new enemy, the Nightcrawlers. [Sierra]
F.E.A.R. Platinum Collection,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Monolith Productions,F.E.A.R. Platinum is the complete compilation of the F.E.A.R. franchise rolled up into one package. If you've never played F.E.A.R., this is the set to get. You can play the 2005 Game of the Year F.E.A.R., 2006 Expansion Pack of the Year F.E.A.R. Extraction Point and the latest 2007 stand alone expansion pack F.E.A.R. Perseus Mandate.
F/A-18,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,T,Jane's Combat Simulations,Jane's F/A-18 succeeds in being a superb flight simulator without being truly exceptional in any specific area.
F/A-18 Hornet 3.0,PC,Simulation,No score yet,8.1,NaN,Graphic Simulations,F/A-18 Hornet 3.0 continues the noble tradition of creating a great sim andforgetting to put a game inside of it.
F/A-18 Korea,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Graphic Simulations,F/A-18 Korea is an exacting portrayal of the twin-engine F/A-18C/D Hornet dual-purpose fighter.
F/A-18 Operation Iraqi Freedom,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Graphic Simulations,Jump through your television directly into the cockpit of the Navy/Marine workhorse fighting machine-the F/A-18 Hornet. Now you can fly the most prolific carrier-based aircraft in the Coalition arsenal. Load up with precision guided munitions and bring the forces of freedom to bear on the Iraqi regime of terror.  Fly above thousands of square miles of stunning satellite image-based terrain. Look through your canopy and see the same environment that Coalition fighter pilots navigated during Operation Iraqi Freedom. [GraphSim]
F/A-18 Precision Strike Fighter,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Graphic Simulations,F/A-18 Precision Strike Fighter is a good flight sim for its time. The problem is that its time is four years past.
F/A-18E Super Hornet,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,T,Digital Integration,Super Hornet contains none of the extras that make a flight simulation a complete package, even though there's a good flight simulator at its core.
F/A-18E Super Hornet Gold Edition,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,T,Digital Integration,NaN
F1 2000,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,EA Sports,It will prove that EA Sports can produce a racing sim that's as realistic and exciting as the best racing games on the market.
F1 2001,PC,Driving,79,7.5,E,EA Sports,Engage in high stakes racing from Monaco to Monza and take on the most intelligent and daring racers to hit the Formula One circuit. Includes all the drivers, tracks and teams from the official FIA 2001 Formula OneWorld Championship. [EA Sports]
F1 2002,PC,Driving,88,7.4,E,EA Sports,In-depth telemetry -- Optimize vehicle setup, driving style and general performance using detailed Telemetry data; State of the art technology -- Cutting edge graphics technology, dynamic weather effects, real word lighting, character animation for pit crews, and engine and brake temperature modelling; Authentic 2002 driver controls -- Experience the same technological wizardry available to Formula One drivers, including Launch Control, Traction Control and variable level automated shifting; Greater Accessibility -- An all-new team themed user interface, enhanced game controller support and Force Feedback. [EA Sports]
F1 2010,PC,Driving,84,6.6,E,Codemasters Birmingham,In F1 2010 gamers will take on the full, expanded grid in a variety of game modes including Grand Prix, Championship, Time Trial and an extensive, innovative Career mode. F1 2010 will also feature a highly advanced damage model, fully dynamic weather system and extensive competitive multiplayer options.
F1 2011,PC,Driving,83,7.2,E,Codemasters,In F1 2011 players will be challenged to ‘Be the driver, live the life, go compete,’ with wide-ranging technical and gameplay advancements on and off track and vastly extended competitive and co-operative multiplayer components.  F1 2011 will feature all of the official teams, drivers and circuits from the highly anticipated 2011 FIA FORMULA ONE WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP, including the current FIA FORMULA ONE Drivers’ World Champion Sebastian Vettel.  The 2011 season also sees the debut of the 2011 FORMULA 1 GRAND PRIX OF INDIA at Delhi’s Jaypee International Race Circuit and the return of the iconic Nürburgring to the calendar. 
F1 2012,PC,Driving,80,6.9,E,Codemasters,F1 2012 spotlights all of the official teams, drivers and circuits from the 2012 FIA Formula One World Championship.
F1 2013,PC,Driving,77,6.3,E,Codemasters,F1 2013 sees Codemasters introducing a new F1 Classics mode, opening up circuits and drivers from the 1980s.
F1 2014,PC,Driving,61,4.7,E,Codemasters Birmingham,Gamers can refine their skills and win medals by taking part in bite-sized racing challenges in an expanded Scenario mode, featuring a range of different scenarios based on real-world challenges and moments from recent history.
F1 2015,PC,Racing,61,3.6,E,Codemasters,Honda returns and once more forges an alliance with McLaren, which also welcomes back Fernando Alonso. Sebastien Vettel moves to Ferrari and, alongside a new generation of exciting young drivers on the grid, will attempt to halt the winning start Mercedes have made in the new era of FORMULA 1. The race calendar for 2015 also features a new circuit, with a return to Mexico for the first time in over 20 years.
F1 2016,PC,Racing,86,8.2,E,Codemasters,Includes the full 2016 season calendar of 21 tracks, including the brand new Baku circuit in Azerbaijan, and the full roster of 22 drivers and 11 teams, including the new Haas F1 Team. F1 2016 immerses you in not only the on-track excitement of a FORMULA ONE career, including the inclusion of the iconic Safety Car and also the Virtual Safety Car for the first time, but also uniquely offers the drama and vehicle development that goes on behind the scenes. Work with your agent, engineer and team to develop your car in the deepest ever career experience, spanning up to ten seasons. Forge your own path to glory, and rise to be the champion. 
F1 Challenge '99-'02,PC,Driving,91,8.2,E,Electronic Arts,Cutting-edge technology brings you the most accurate representation of Formula One to date. High-resolution car models include details right down to the very last shut line. Circuits include real life structures, helicopters, airplanes, panoramic skies, animated grid girls, motion captured pit crews, and even bumps in the track surface as they exist in reality. The glossy team-themed user interface puts you in the game and tracks your performance as a real life driver competing against the likes of world champion drives such as Damon Hill, Jacques Villeneuve, Mika Hakkinen, and Michael Schumacher. [Electronic Arts]
F1 Championship Season 2000,PC,Driving,70,7.5,E,Image Space Incorporated,It enhances a number of the original game's features, adds a handful of new ones, and, ultimately, it will undoubtedly please racing enthusiasts and interested beginners alike.
F1 Chequered Flag,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Xing Interactive,NaN
F1 Race Stars,PC,Racing,62,5.4,E,Codemasters,Get ready to experience FORMULA ONE cars, teams and circuits with F1 Race Stars from Codemasters Racing, the home of the series of HD official FORMULA ONE games. Coming this November, F1 RACE STARS is a fast-to-the-fun arcade racing game for all ages featuring the official FORMULA ONE cars, teams and circuits as they've never been seen before. Drivers including Lewis Hamilton, Fernando Alonso and Sebastian Vettel have been transformed into personality-packed heroes and FORMULA ONE locations have become vibrant racing theme parks designed for speed and wheel-to-wheel competition.
F1 Race Stars: Europe Track,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Codemasters,Download the F1 RACE STARS Europe Track now! Go head to head with the F1 RACE STARS and compete online and in split-screen as you charge around the streets of Valencia. Race through a marina, speed across super-slippy ice and dodge flying tomatoes in this brand new F1 RACE STARS circuit!
F1 Racing Simulation,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Ubisoft,F1 Racing Simulation is an extremely well-thought-out simulation with driversof all abilities in mind.
F1 World Grand Prix,PC,Driving,71,3.8,E,Video System,F1 World Grand Prix is the follow to "Official Formula 1 Racing." This new game in the franchise will feature all the teams, drivers, and circuits from the 1999 Formula 1 season. A host of graphical and gameplay improvements have been added while retaining the speed, intuitiveness, and fun offered by the first game.
Fable (1996),PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,T,Simbiosis Interactive,Fable is an earnest but uneven effort.
Fable Anniversary,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,4.6,M,Lionhead Studios,As one of the best-selling RPGs on the original Xbox, Fable made sure every player's choice had a consequence. The world of Albion has inspired gamers to fall in love with the franchise for nearly a decade and counting. Updated to HD to unlock the power of Xbox 360, Fable Anniversary is a major visual leap over the original. Vivid graphics and remastered audio result in a stunning re-imagination of Fable that will impress fans old and new.
Fable III,PC,Role-Playing,75,5.4,M,Lionhead Studios,Fans new and returning will now embark on an epic adventure, where the race for the crown is only the beginning of your spectacular journey. Five decades have passed since the events of "Fable II," and Albion has matured into an industrial revolution, but the fate of the kingdom is at peril. In "Fable III," you will be called upon to rally and fight alongside your people, ascend to the seat of power, and experience the true meaning of love and loss. The choices and sacrifices you make while fanning the flames of revolution, and then as you rule as King or Queen or Albion, will lead to an ever evolving world of consequences that will be felt across your entire land. This sets the stage for unparalleled action and adventure that offers even more ways to fight and engage than ever before. Throughout your journey, you will encounter a colorful cast of characters that fans have come to expect from the off-beat style and humor in the “Fable” games. After determining whether these characters are your friends or foes, you will either join them or fight against them in explosive combat, alone or with a friend on Xbox LIVE. In your quest to plant the seeds of revolution, seize power and rule over your kingdom, the choices you make will change the world around you, for the greater good or your own personal gain. Who will you become? A rebel without a cause, the tyrant you rebelled against, or the greatest ruler to ever live? 
Fable III: Traitor's Keep Quest Pack,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.6,NaN,Lionhead Studios,Experience your first grand adventure as the ruler of Albion, visiting the kingdom's secret prison and tracking down the most dangerous criminals in the land. You may have led a rebellion once, but can you survive your encounters with a new wave of revolutionaries?
Fable III: Understone Quest Pack,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lionhead Studios,Discover a whole new town built underground by a crazy inventor beneath the streets of Bowerstone. This full size region contains new houses and stalls to own, new creatures to fight and a major mystery to solve. In the end, you will decide the fate of the town and its people.
Fable: The Lost Chapters,PC,Role-Playing,83,8.7,M,Lionhead Studios,Fable: The Lost Chapters is fully optimized for the Windows platform complete with expanded content, greater customization, new quests and enhanced graphics. Your every action determines your character's skills, appearance and morality. Your character's life story is created from childhood through to adulthood and on to old age. Grow from an inexperienced child into the most powerful being in the world, spoken of by all and immortalized in legend. As additional story and side quests await, choose the path of righteousness, or dedicate your life to evil, and see yourself transform into a reflection of your actions and decisions. Age leaves you wizened and battle leaves you scarred as you explore the world of Albion and the plethora of expanded and enhanced content. With experience comes advancement and physical change, whether it be expanding muscles, a keen eye and nimble form, or the buzz of magical energies around your finger tips. As you develop your alter ego, the world reacts to you and your actions. People comment on your successes and failures, your appearance, and your behavior. Fable: The Lost Chapters offers Windows gamers even more character customization choices that will impact your appearance. The denizens of Albion's many opinions are expressed through applause, mockery, trepidation, panic, and even flirtation if they feel so inclined. Each person you aid, each flower you crush, each creature you slay, will change this world forever. In Fable: The Lost Chapters, gamers decide: "Who will I be?" [Microsoft]
Fabled Legends: The Dark Piper,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Big Fish Games,The Dark Piper strikes in Fabled Legends: The Dark Piper! The fiend unleashes infested rodents into the town of Hamelin using the magical Pied Piper Flute. As the Fabled Inspector, you are summoned by the duke to investigate and stop this mysterious figure. Defeat the Dark Piper before he leaves a trail of destruction all across Europe!
Fabric,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Torreng Labs,Fabric is a first person puzzle game in which you bend spacetime to solve challenging puzzles and complete glitchy-themed voxel-based levels. 
Fabricant: Episode 1,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,ArrowGroundGames,NaN
Fabula Mortis,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Deadghost Interactive,NaN
Fabulous - Angela's Fashion Fever,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,GameHouse,NaN
Fabulous Finds,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,Rummage through rooms to find items that will fit the theme of your upcoming yard sale in Fabulous Finds.
Fabulous Food Truck,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,EnsenaSoft,NaN
Facade,PC,Adventure,No score yet,7.2,NaN,InteractiveStory.net,Facade is an interactive drama in which you, using your own name and gender, play the character of a longtime friend of a married couple, Grace and Trip. During an evening get-together at their apartment that quickly turns ugly, you become entangled in the high-conflict dissolution of their marriage.
Face Factory,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Abacus Software,Are you tired of seeing the same old faces in The Sims? With the Face Factory, you can add new characters to your sim world using your own scanned or digital photos. This add-on lets you create new avatars from photos of your friends, family members, yourself, and others in just three easy steps. All you have to do is line up a front photo, line up a side photo, and choose a body style, and then your character is ready.
Face It,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Tlon Studios,NaN
Face Noir,PC,Adventure,59,6.3,NaN,Mad Orange,Black Thursday. That is how the press rechristened that October 24th, 1929, a day in which U.S. began to face the darkest years of his history: the Great Depression years. All the great values professed by this nation vanished within a couple of months, the American dream was dead and trust in God begun to shake. Few years had been enough for people to show their real side: false, mean and, above all, open to bribery. But the one thing I would have never imagined is how far corruption had gone; so far that somebody would actually try to bribe God. And now here I am, a gun barrel pointed at me, a corpse on my conscience, and a young lady to protect. How could this ever happen? How is it possible that everything has stemmed from a series of coincidences? Do you believe in Destiny? ...I don`t. [Mad Orange]
Face of Mankind,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,5.0,NaN,DuPlex,Face of Mankind is a Massively Multiplayer Online Role Playing Game (MMORPG) in a persistent world. You control a single character in the science fiction game-world and have access to an ever changing game-world via your internet connection. Thousands of players throughout the game world co-operate, compete or co-exist in a realistic and futuristic world of the 24th century. The plot is constantly evolving, with new missions created constantly. The skill and luck of the players from rival factions change the balance of power. High ranked players create missions which are split and handed down through the hierarchy. The objective of the game is to evolve your character to its ultimate potential, whether that is the accumulation of wealth, power, social status or all three. [Duplex Systems]
Face Your Fears,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Turtle Rock Studios,NaN
Faces of War,PC,Strategy,67,8.6,M,Best Way,Faces of War combines real-time strategy with advanced tactics and the ability to control a single unit in battle. This game is being developed by the same team that created the original title, Soldiers: Heroes of World War II. Faces of War immerses players right in the heat of WWII action. The game includes all the highlights of the original and provides even better physics and unit models, complex team AI and new tactical opportunities. New unit commands such as move to cover and charge position help team survival while new personal moves like climbing over fences and aimed-shots keep individual soldiers fighting. Four new campaigns give players an opportunity to command American, English, Soviet and German troops during world-renowned battles that include D-Day and the storming of Berlin. On top of all that players will also have a chance to fight through new winter missions that give them a whole new experience. Faces of War demonstrates a completely new level of AI that allows players to gain full control of units on one hand and to concentrate on more strategic aspects on the other. AI controlled soldiers don’t simply execute any order given by a player, they think how to do it the most efficient and safe way. From now on all human units in the game possess a new characteristic - morale, which is influenced by many in-game events. [1C Company]
FACTIONS: Origins of Malu,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Burning Dog Media,NaN
Factory Engineer,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mind Leak,Inspired by Factorio and other simulation,crafting and management games. Factory Engineer is a game about making a huge factory. Start by manufacturing simple products,make money,research, and try to manufacture the most sophisticated products.
Factory Mogul,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,Monte Cristo Multimedia,It has some charm, and the budget price is suited to the amount of fun it provides.
Factotum 90,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TACS Games,In space no one can hear you remotely operate twin quadrupedal deck walker robots.
Fading Hearts,PC,Adventure,No score yet,3.6,NaN,Sakura River Interactive,An interactive story/game where you play the role of Ryou, a seemingly normal high school student in the land of Sorayama. Solve the mysteries that surround him while maintaining his friendships and saving Claire. Remain ignorant of the secrets and live a normal life or choose to learn the truth. Be careful where you put your priorities for it may prove fatal.
Faerie Solitaire,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,6.7,NaN,Subsoap,Have magical fun in the addicting Card game, Faerie Solitaire! Find and raise a Faerie pet and repopulate the magical land of Avalon using the resources found by clearing each level.
Faery: Legends of Avalon,PC,Role-Playing,59,6.6,E10+,Spiders,Faery: Legends of Avalon is a Role Playing / Adventure game packed with an original and unique atmosphere, and a graphics design close to illustration. The game immerses players in a fantasy world inhabited by many colourful characters and magical creatures.
FaeVerse Alchemy,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Subsoap,What wonders await those brave enough to follow the alchemical path of magic? FaeVerse Alchemy is a puzzle game where you combine like elements to form greater elements in an effort to create the most powerful elements of all and get the highest score possible.
Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy Remastered,PC,Action,61,7.4,M,Aspyr,With a multilayered narrative, innovative presentation, and a musical score by famed Hollywood composer Angelo Badalementi, Fahrenheit: Indigo Prophecy Remastered serves as the definitive version of the supernatural murder mystery and (re)introduces the title to old and new fans alike.
Fair Islands VR,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lost Bra,Enjoy an all-in-one mini-games bundle. From nostalgic childhood gameplay to original ones, discover a variety of VR mechanisms in a relaxing and colorful environment. Collect items and proudly place them in your personal house that can be visited by your friends.
Fair Strike,PC,Simulation,56,tbd,T,G5 Software,Command an elite squadron of the best military helicopter pilots in the world and battle a nefarious syndicate of international terrorists. Pilot six of the deadliest military helicopters on the planet in 30 levels of intense air-to-air, air-to-ground and air-to-sea combat! Fly 6 playable helicopters: AH-64A Apache, RAH-66 Comanche, PAH-2 Tiger, Ka-50 Black Shark, Ka-52 Alligator, and the Ka-58 Black Ghost. Battle heavily-armed narco-terrorists in the Caribbean, violent separatists in Eastern Europe, and Muslim fundamentalists in South East Asia and the Middle East. Lay waste to enemy tanks, tankers, bunkers, ships, helicopters, troops. Everything on screen is destructible! Awesome multiplayer modes ? via Internet or LAN defeat terrorists in 2-player cooperative missions or compete in 16-player death matches! [Encore Software]
Fairies vs. Darklings: Arcane Edition,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Interama - Interactive Technology,NaN
Fairway Solitaire,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Grey Alien Games,Pull out your clubs (and your diamonds, hearts and spades) and enjoy a round of Fairway Solitaire! This exciting new card game includes 70 unique courses in locations ranging from exotic forests to Scottish highlands. Choose your golfer and experience realistic golf commentary, hilarious wild shot cards, and three fun mini-games.
Fairy Bloom Freesia,PC,Action,No score yet,6.1,T,Edelweiss,Fairy Bloom Freesia is an action-fighting game where players assume the role of a fairy guardian protecting a magical forest from intruders.
Fairy Fencer F,PC,Role-Playing,66,8.0,T,Idea Factory,Long ago, a terrible war raged between two deities. Wielding magical weapons known as Furies, they sealed each other away and the remaining Furies were scattered throughout the world. Today, these ancient weapons are sought after by warriors known as Fencers. When a young man named Fang obtains a Fury of his own, he gains an unlikely partner, and the course of his destiny is forever altered...
Fairy Godmother Tycoon,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Oberon Media,Climb the ranks of the Fairy Godmother's operation in this unique, easy-to-play game featuring cheeky new takes on fairytale favorites. Set up shop in different villages across the land. Check the weather forecast each day to find out which curses will strike the peasant village. Buy supplies and upgrades to create magic potions, set your prices, manage your inventory and hire contractors to help move your product. Sell your potions at top dollars and put the competition out of business. Start building your empire in Fairy Godmother Tycoon today!
Fairy Maids,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Spark Plug Games,NaN
Fairy Tale about Father Frost, Ivan and Nastya,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Bohemia Interactive,In Fairy Tale about Father Frost, Ivan and Nastya, you travel through Russian folklore and fairy-tales. Between love, spite, greed, modesty and humility, you will meet fascinating characters and among them humble girl Nastienka and gallant hero Ivan. Follow them in this point & click game with splendid sets divided into four acts, one for each season.
Fairy Tale Mysteries: The Beanstalk,PC,Hidden Object,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gogii Games,Vanquish the last giant.
Fairy Tale Mysteries: The Puppet Thief,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gogii Games,NaN
Fairyland: Incursion,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Naarassusi Game,NaN
Fairytales: Three Heroes,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cats Who Play,A magic world, epic heroes, bright graphics - all in an adventure fighting game.
Fake Colours,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Forthright Entertainment,NaN
Falcon 4.0,PC,Simulation,85,8.0,T,Atari,Falcon 4.0 is an extremely detailed Simulation integrating a fully dynamic, realtime Air, land, and sea war in which you take part as an F-16 pilot. Running on any OS platform capable of supporting Directx 5.0 and above. Falcon 4.0 not only simulates a fantastic and versatile fighter, but also a very versatile product. With 4 years of hard work behind it, it is the ultimate Simulation experience for all enthusiasts. [Falcon 4.0 HQ]
Falcon 4.0: Allied Force,PC,Simulation,90,8.6,T,Lead Pursuit,Pilot three different variants of the F-16 Fighting Falcon -- the best multi-role fighter ever built -- including Block 40, Block 50/52 and MLU variants. Ultra-high fidelity physics modeling closely simulates actual aircraft performance. Engage the enemy in two operational theaters -- Korea and the Balkans -- each covering over a million square Kilometers of territory. Dogfight over a wide variety of landscapes: wide seas, open grasslands, dense forests and snow capped mountains. Fly nap-of-earth missions through detailed terrain and undulating valleys. Launch a variety of air-to-air missiles like the AIM-120 AMRAAM and AIM-9 Sidewinder. Deploy a vast array of air-to-ground weaponry including the AGM-65 Maverick, AGM-88 HARM, cluster bombs, slick and high drag bombs and laser guided ordnance. Weapon systems are simulated using the most accurate publicly available specifications. Simulate an entire war with the most advanced dynamic campaign engine ever made for your PC. This remarkable feature presides over tens of thousands of vehicles: air, land and sea. No two missions ever fly the same! [Graphsim]
FALL,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Northbrain,NaN
Fall of Civilization,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Luke Dodds,NaN
Fall of Freya,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,GOTY LLC,NaN
Fall of Gyes,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Black Cloud Studios,NaN
Fall of Rome,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Enlightened Age Entertainment,Fall of Rome is a turn based strategy game for up to 12 players.
Fall of the New Age,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Shaman Games,In the dark times of the Medieval a baleful society of the Cult and its adherers strived to seize the rule over the city, control its inhabitants and destroy all sources of knowledge and culture. Help Marla uncover the secret conspiracy, release her kidnapped brother and save the city!
Fall of the Reich,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TalonSoft,This expansion pack adds new campaigns and scenarios to East Front II: The Russian Front.
Fall of the Titanic,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TheWgames,NaN
Fall Weiss,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Wastelands Interactive,NaN
Fallen Earth: Blood Sports,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,M,Atari,Fallen Earth combines the accuracy of first-person shooter style games with the depth and character advancement of a role-playing game. Set near the Grand Canyon in 2156, Fallen Earth takes place after plague and nuclear holocaust decimate 99 percent of Earth's population. Remaining survivors are left to unravel the mystery in the Grand Canyon Province, the last bastion of civilization. 
Fallen Earth: Welcome to the Apocalypse,PC,Role-Playing,71,6.9,M,Fallen Earth, LLC,Mankind teeters on the edge of extinction, clinging to the bones of the old world while trying to recover long forgotten secrets. The Grand Canyon is the last bastion of humanity. The Shiva virus, which wiped out nearly all of humanity, has left the survivors and subsequent generations altered. The virus caused mutations, some of which were benign, some malignant, and just some incredible. It is your choice to either rise above the hardships of the post-apocalyptic world and rebuild what was lost or embrace the destruction and erase the corrupt world that remains. Where will you stand in the fight for Fallen Earth? [Steam]
Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes,PC,Strategy,80,7.7,NaN,Stardock,Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes is an expansion to Stardock's popular Fallen Enchantress fantasy strategy game. The world of Elemental needs your help. The Fallen Enchantress seeks to destroy the fragile civilizations that have arisen from the ashes of the cataclysm. Fortunately, your fame has spread far and wide attracting the great heroes to aid you.
Fallen Enchantress: Legendary Heroes - Map Pack,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Stardock,NaN
G Prime,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Soma Games,A gravity gripping, steampunk-styled, moody-beautiful, slingshot simulating puzzle pleaser. If you like Gravity Sling, Blast Off or Gears of Gravity, you'll love this game. Explore the vast uncharted mysteries of The Rain an incoming solar-system spanning cloud of rock, ice, metal, and other asteroids containing precious materials. This creates a boundless opportunity for wealth, and this is where you come in. In your role as sounding officer on board Ptolemy Station, you are tasked with launching sub-etheric reconnaissance rockets into increasingly challenging gravity fields of iceteroids, theophosphorus, and quicksand clouds within The Rain in order to chart its vast riches.
G-Force,PC,Action,61,8.5,E10+,Eurocom Entertainment Software,G-Force is a fast-paced action-platform game featuring a unique elite team of specially trained guinea pigs that use high-tech gadgets and specialized talents to complete a dangerous government mission. G-Force puts players in control of both Darwin, the guinea pig leader of the covert intelligence G-Force squad, and housefly surveillance sidekick, Mooch, as they team up with the other G-Force agents and use their gadgets, stealth mastery and pint-sized teamwork as mankinds only hope to complete a dangerous high-level government mission. G-Force uses innovative gameplay featuring a unique sense of scale, puzzle solving that requires players to manipulate environments and enemies, including diabolical waffle irons among evil household appliances. [Disney Interactive Studios]
G-NOME,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,T,7th Level,G-NOME doesn't fully live up to its potential.
G-Police,PC,Action,No score yet,8.8,E,Psygnosis,We recommend using the tutorial mode to get used to the, er, touchy controls for, oh let's say, eight to ten hours before attempting even the first level. That should do the trick.
G-senjou no Maou - The Devil on G-String,PC,Adventure,No score yet,7.6,NaN,Akabee Soft 2,Assume the role of Azai Kyousuke, the son of an infamous gangster. Kyousuke knows what he likes and lets nothing stand in his way in getting what he wants. Referred to as God by his classmates, he often enjoys listening to Bach and "working" part time for his stepfather. 
G.H.O.S.T Chronicles: Phantom of the Renaissance Faire,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,Aisle 5 Games,Who or what haunts the grounds of the Renaissance Faire? As a professional ghost hunter, unravel supernatural clues and cryptic puzzles to determine the source of the faire's paranormal problems. 
G.H.O.S.T. Hunters: The Haunting of Majesty Manor,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,Aisle 5 Games,A "hidden object" game set in a haunted house.
G.I. Combat,PC,Strategy,38,3.6,T,Freedom Games,A continuous real time strategy game engulfing the player in the dynamic conflicts of the Second World War. The full three-dimensional environment provides unsurpassed detail for terrain, armour penetration, vehichle movement and weapons fire. Immerse yourself in the struggle to hold back enemy offensives, capture vital crossroads, or lead an elite squad to capture key strategic targets. [Strategy First Inc.]
G.R.U.N.T.S.,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,IceValk Entertainment,In G.R.U.N.T.S. it is up to you to rid the system from all sorts of bugs, viruses, trojans and worm.
GabCab,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Reflexive Entertainment,NaN
GabeN: The Final Decision,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,5.8,NaN,Alex Zhang,Join Gabe Newell in his adventure to save his company and find out why his long time friend, and co-worker Robin Walker sabotaged Valve's 3 most wanted games. 
Gabriel Knight 3: Blood of the Sacred, Blood of the Damned,PC,Adventure,80,8.8,M,Sierra Entertainment,2000 years of heresy, betrayal and lies. One frightening truth. Solve a real-life mystery with the third title in the award-winning Gabriel Knight series. Game writer and designer Jane Jensen brings you Gabriel and Grace in their most controversial adventure ever. Enter the small French village pf Rennes-le-Château, and begin the path to your destiny ? unraveling an enigma that may shatter your most closely-held beliefs. Play as both Gabriel Knight and Grace Nakamura as you learn more about what is hidden in the hills of France. But beware your life, your faith and your soul. For once the truth is found, there is no erasing it. [Sierra]
Gabriel Knight: Sins of the Fathers,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sierra Entertainment,He started out writing a book on voodoo. Now hes fighting for his very soul. Gabriel Knight is the last in a long line of Shadow Hunters, those fated to fight the dark forces of the supernatural. Haunted by a centuries-old curse, he is tormented by terrifying nightmares. Now he must spend every waking moment scouring the side streets and back alleys of New Orleans for the key to his dark past. And when he sleeps - the nightmare begins.
Gabriel Knight: Sins of the Fathers 20th Anniversary Edition,PC,Adventure,74,8.1,NaN,Pinkerton Road Studio,Gabriel Knight fans have been waiting for this day for a long, long time: Jane Jensen, the original creator of the acclaimed Gabriel Knight adventure series, has licensed the IP from Activision and is working on a Gabriel Knight game for the first time since leaving Sierra Online in 1999! The 20th anniversary remake of Gabriel Knight: Sins of the Fathers will release on computers and tablets in mid-2014.
Gahkthun of the Golden Lightning Steam Edition,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Liar Soft,NaN
GAIA,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Ameji,NaN
Gaia Online MMO,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,AniHQ,Gaia Online is a casual MMO game that will have you questing, battling monsters, and socializing.
Gaia PC Jigsaw Puzzle 2,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gaia Dream Creation Inc.,Gaia PC Jigsaw Puzzle is an innovative PC jigsaw puzzle game that allows you to create and play personalized jigsaw puzzles with your personal images on your PC. Unlike other PC jigsaw puzzle games, Gaia PC Jigsaw Puzzle allows you to play your favorite jigsaw puzzles in the same way as you play traditional jigsaw puzzles. Gaia PC Jigsaw Puzzle saves you money by allowing you to play an unlimited number of jigsaw puzzles on your computer. You can choose your personal images, the number of pieces, custom shapes and more! 
GAIN,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Worldgame entertainment,NaN
Gain Ground,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Sega,The battle-simulation game has gone haywire!
Gal*Gun: Double Peace,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Inti Creates,When Houdai is shot by cupid angel Ekoro, he becomes immensely popular and suddenly every girl at the academy becomes hot for him. But being irresistible is hardly a dream come true! Every love letter, shout of adulation, and advancing kisses drains his energy! And worse - if he doesn't find his one true love by the end of the day, he will become cursed and forever alone!
Gal-X-E,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NodziGames,NaN
Galacide,PC,Action,76,tbd,NaN,Puny Human Games,Command destructive ships to obliterate thousands of enemies, while weaving through intricate networks of invasive machine-organisms! Combining classic fast-paced shoot 'em up action with quick-thinking tactics of puzzlers, you must carefully match the right pieces to fly out of danger.
Galactic Adventures,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Real Games Studios,NaN
Galactic Arms Race,PC,Action,No score yet,6.0,NaN,Evolutionary Games,NaN
Galactic Assault: Prisoner of Power,PC,Strategy,68,8.0,T,Wargaming.net,Maxim Kammerer (Max) is a daring young man who enlists in his country's space exploration program. During a mission, his ship is shot down over Saraksh, a remote planet that is slowly recovering from a savage nuclear conflict. Upon recovering from the crash landing, Max finds himself in the Land of Unknown Fathers, a country ruled by a network of mind control transmissions. Max manages to destroy the center of the mind control network, which leads to several implications for the nation's inhabitants. Intent on destroying the entire race of the Land of the Fathers through warfare are three fierce and unrelenting enemies: The Khonties, Barbarians and the Insular Empire. Each race possesses and can easily develop distinguishable technologies. Heavy armor, transport and aviation units unique to each race are all represented on the battlefield. Combat takes place among 3D vivid extraterrestrial landscapes, with day and night changes affecting gameplay alongside dynamic weather conditions. A thick haze of exhaust hangs heavy over steel battle machines; the ground becomes scorched and scarred by the trademarks of tanks and other heavy vehicles; artillery fire scratches, burns and breaches heavily armored units. [Paradox Interactive]
Galactic Bowling,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Perpetual FX Creative,Galactic Bowling is a sci-fi bowling game featuring 11 different characters, 11 levels of gameplay, and online modes.
Galactic Civilizations,PC,Strategy,83,8.1,E,Stardock,Galactic Civilizations is a space-based strategy game in which the player becomes the leader of the human civilization at the dawn of the 23rd century. The galaxy has 6 major civilizations including humans and a race is on to colonize, conquer, and dominate the galaxy using whatever means necessary. Those means include using military, technological, economic or political might to become a major power in the galaxy. Players must research new technologies, colonize and defend planets, build social improvements, build a fleet, fight wars, win elections, and gain influence in the United Planets Security council. [Strategy First]
Galactic Civilizations I: Ultimate Edition,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Stardock,Galactic Civilizations is a space based strategy game in which you are in control of humanity's destiny. The year is 2178, the Terran Alliance has invented a new technology -- Hyperdrive. But the secret has leaked to the other civilizations starting a race for all the inhabitable worlds in the galaxy!
Galactic Civilizations II: Dark Avatar,PC,Strategy,91,8.3,NaN,Stardock,The year is 2226 and the Drengin Empire reigns supreme across the galaxy. But something utterly evil is devouring the Drengin Empire from within. Expand your Galactic Civilizations II experience with espionage agents, player designed opponents, new alien races, new ships, unique planetary environments, asteroid fields, improved graphics and much more. [Stardock]
Galactic Civilizations II: Dread Lords,PC,Strategy,86,8.0,E10+,Stardock,Galactic Civilizations II: Dread Lords is the sequel to Stardock's hit turn-based strategy game. Galactic Civilizations is a strategy game that takes place in the distant future where mankind has become a space-faring civilization and now must contend with other galactic powers who strive for domination in the galaxy. The basic concept behind Galactic Civilizations II is the same as the first one -- to build an interstellar civilization. [Strategy First]
Galactic Civilizations II: Dread Lords Gold Edition,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Stardock,Galactic Civilizations returns with even more turn-based strategy gameplay. In Galactic Civilizations II, you'll travel to a future where humans must contend with other galactic powers that strive for galactic domination. Your job is to build an interstellar civilization, complete with ships, new technology, mineral resources, and defense systems. This time, you can create your own ships, you can play as any race, and you can build different types of star bases. Also, the game features a single-player campaign mode, which was missing from the first Galactic Civilizations.
Galactic Civilizations II: Twilight of the Arnor,PC,Strategy,92,8.4,NaN,Stardock,The galaxy is being consumed by the fires of war as we enter the final act of the Dread Lord saga. Galactic Civilizations II: Twilight of the Arnor is the second  expansion pack to the award-winning PC strategy game, Galactic Civilizations II. Galactic Civilizations II: Twilight of the Arnor expands the gameplay of Galactic Civilizations in all new ways. New campaign detailing the final chapter in the Dread Lords wars. The Terror Star arrives, capable of destroying any star. Unique technology trees for all 12 civilizations. Unique planetary improvements for each civilization. New 3D engine powered map editor. New Scenario Editor for creating highly detailed custom games. New Campaign Editor for players who want to create their own custom epic campaigns for themselves or to share with others. New Metaverse Tournaments: Specific maps & scenarios recorded to the Metaverse with prizes for top players. [Stardock]
Galactic Civilizations II: Ultimate Edition,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,8.0,E10+,Stardock,Get the complete Galactic Civilizations II saga including the acclaimed PC strategy game of the year Galactic Civilizations II: Dread Lords, the award winning expansion pack Dark Avatar, and the newest expansion pack Twilight of the Arnor! Expand the Galactic Civilizations II universe with Terror Stars, unique technology trees per civilization, Map editors, Custom Scenario makers, campaign editors, new types of ships, new planetary improvements, and much more!
Galactic Civilizations III,PC,Strategy,81,6.5,NaN,Stardock,Galactic Civilizations III challenges players to assemble an empire that dominates the galaxy through conquest, diplomacy, cultural hegemony, or scientific research.
Galactic Civilizations III: Mercenaries,PC,General,66,tbd,NaN,Stardock,The human race is fighting a desperate war against the remorseless Drengin Empire. Both sides have become increasingly desperate, leading them to turn to the galactic underworld and their elite mercenaries. In Mercenaries, the first expansion to Galactic Civilizations III, new opportunities open up across the galaxy in the form of Galactic Bazaars. When you discover one of these hidden establishments, you can choose from a long list of hired guns and pay a mercenary to take care of business for you. 
Galactic Civilizations: Altarian Prophecy,PC,Strategy,77,7.8,E,Stardock,Galactic Civilizations: Altarian Prophecy is an expansion pack to Stardock's award winning space strategy game, Galactic Civilizations. The expansion pack adds a host of new features, content, and other enhancements to the game to add depth and much greater replayability. In the late 22nd century, humanity came into contact with 5 major alien civilizations. These civilizations were called, the Drengin Empire, the Torian Confederation, the Arcean Empire, the Yor Collective and the Altarian Republic. Of these 5, the Altarians were the most curious to us. Not for their cultural traits or their technology but because they happened to look human. How was this possible? The "Altarian Prophecy" is a campaign that takes the player on a multi-game journey to solve the mystery alluded to in Galactic Civilizations. In doing so, it introduces two new civilizations: The Dominion of the Korx and the Drath. These two civilizations hold the secret to Altaria's past, but worse, they know the Altarian Prophecy that for tells the destruction of the galaxy that is connected to Altaria's past. [Strategy First]
Galactic Civilizations: Deluxe Edition,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Stardock,Galactic Civilizations Deluxe brings together the turn-based strategy game Galactic Civilizations and the Altarian Prophecy expansion pack in one box. In Galactic Civilizations, you must use technological advancements, economic might, cultural expansion, and military prowess to lead humanity in an intergalactic war. Altarian Prophecy expands the universe and its strategic scope by offering a host of new features, content, and editors. Immerse yourself in the full single-player campaign, or dominate the online community in multiplayer battles.
Galactic Command: Echo Squad,PC,Simulation,No score yet,1.2,NaN,3000AD, Inc.,Many years have passed since the Gammulans invaded the sol system in full force and all but decimated the inhabitants of the planetary systems. cites were completely devastated and entire continents wiped out. In their wake, they left a splintered Galactic Command (GALCOM) alliance still engaged in a fierce battle with insurgents who oppose the alliance. Stretched to the limit Galactic Command scientists developed a new space craft that is lighter, faster and more powerful than any before it. Episode One begins with this new Engstrom class carrier's first day in a live combat engagement. The player’s Echo fighter squadron of fighters has been assigned to the WildStar battle fleet led by the GCV-Excalibur in operations against the Insurgent uprising. As an Elite Force Pilot and leader of the Echo fighter wing assigned to IIS starstation  in orbit around Titan, the player’s fighter wing is tasked with leading a series of defensive and offensive missions against the Insurgents occupying Sol territories. The player commands a different fighter in each episode. Missions take place in space and on the surface of planets and range from basic escort and recon missions, to highly engaging and dangerous tactical strike missions. [GamersGate]
Galactic Conquerors,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Kinahmi Games,NaN
Galactic Dream: Rage of War,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Evolution Vault,In the 24 century humanity is racing toward space on the wings of hope, moving away from a deadly menace emerging from the galactic core, a threat of cosmic scale that could lead to the extinction of all men, the second Big Bang. Also, a mysterious alien race with powers beyond imagining follows them everywhere they go. But mankind is unwilling to surrender to the enemy and, with little help from their unexpected alien friends, a renegade faction of the Argo, they successfully rise against the mighty fleet which already assimilated dozen of worlds in its journey through the galaxy. As the balance of power shifts between the two warring species we cannot help but ask ourselves what cause it and... will it ever end? Galactic Dream is a classic real-time strategy with resource collection, base building, massive battles and pure destruction. The game features a single player campaign with varying objectives, from simple "kill all enemies" to timed defenses, destroying or protecting certain targets to escort missions. Engage in epic galactic warfare, venture deep into space in a race against time. Play through a tale about choosing sides and about how one man can make a difference, despite all odds and obstacles facing him. [Strategy First]
Galactic Elite,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,BLF Games,NaN
Galactic Federation,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Radivoj Radivojevic,Get into large space battles with more than 100 fighters and capital ships at a time in this independently produced space sim. Choose from 20 fighters and bombers and load them out with an array of energy and projectile weapons. 
Galactic Fighters,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,StarworkGC,NaN
Galactic Hitman,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gham,You are the colonists' last hope. Clear out the alien pirates who have invaded your federations space ports in time for newly arriving colonists to inhabit them safely. Blast through custom levels of sci-fi FPS gameplay using your knife, pistol, assault rifle, grenades and interactive environment to lead you to victory. 
Galactic Inheritors,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Crispon Games,Galactic Inheritors is the brainchild of former Paradox Interactive designers and strategy game veterans Chris King and Pontus Åberg. The game is a culmination of over a decade of experience developing award-winning strategy titles and their combined love for science fiction. King and Åberg helped craft such fan-loved titles Hearts of Iron, Victoria, Europa Universalis, and Crusader Kings during their time at Paradox Interactive. With the foundation of Crispon Games as independent studio, both King and Åberg aim to create the type of games they're most passionate about, starting with Galactic Inheritors.
Galactic Reign,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Slant Six,Galactic Reign is a turn-based multiplayer strategy game for Windows 8.
Galactic Storm,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dawid Bujak,NaN
Galactineers,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,LInsoDeTeh,NaN
Galaga: Destination Earth,PC,Action,59,6.4,E,King of the Jungle,Based on the immensely popular arcade game, Galaga now features exciting new gameplay in a 3-D universe with new power-ups, sub-games, and special weapons. As the lone space fighter pilot to survive a devastating alien attack, it's up to you to stop the advancing alien force before they reach Earth.  [Hasbro Interactive]
Galagan's Island,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Skinny Jean Death Studios,NaN
Galak-Z: The Dimensional,PC,Action,78,6.5,NaN,17-Bit,This hand painted intergalactic adventure takes you to the ends of the universe to fight enemies in brand new ways. Inspired by the classic sci-fi anime of the late 1970s and early 1980s as well as more modern shooters, developer 17-BIT has managed to squeeze both together to create a game that promises the best of both worlds.
Galak-Z: The Void,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,17-Bit,NaN
Galapago,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Elephant Entertainment,Match and collect beautiful island creatures, then watch as they turn to gold! This unforgettable journey will take you from beach to jungle to volcano. But you have to reach the top before the volcano erupts to win the ultimate treasure. Choose your difficulty level and your destiny by following your own path around the island. Lose yourself in this exotic setting.
Galapagos: Mendel's Escape,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Anark,Galapagos can be pretty much summed up in four words: great idea, questionable implementation.
Galatron,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Running Pillow,Galatron is a new arcade space shooter game. As a commander build and upgrade your own spaceship and compete with others for total universe domination. Humiliate either insidious computer players or you can invite your friends to serve this purpose. All races must face their destiny but only the bravest one can challenge still undefeated emperor. Are you prepared for this quest?
Galaxy Admirals,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,JetDogs Studios,NaN
Galaxy Cannon Rider,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Coolegion,NaN
Galaxy Combat Wargames,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Fork Particle Games,NaN
Galaxy Control: 3D Strategy,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,FX Games Media,NaN
Galaxy Force II,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Sega AM2,The peaceful and prosperous solar system Junos was located at the end of the Milky Way. Those who called its five planets home had no idea what was about to happen...
Galaxy Golf,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Liftoff Labs,Galaxy Golf has innovative and intuitive controls tailored to your favorite VR platform. With HTC Vive wands youll physically spin the planet, grab the ball, and draw your shot arc out into space. Playing on the Oculus Rift, you'll intuitively navigate and aim with your gaze with great precision. Either way, youll earn achievements and Trading Cards while you play.
Galaxy of Card Games,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,eGames,NaN
Galaxy of Games 1500,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,eGames,Galaxy of Games 1,500 includes a variety of games such as mahjongg, solitaire, and puzzle games.
Galaxy of Games 201,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,eGames,Galaxy of Games offers over 201 fun games to keep you busy. Choose from an array of games including: Krazy 8s, Secret Circuit, Basketball, Draw Poker, Sliding Coins, Tai Match, Tic Tac Toe, Checkers, Turn Off, Rings of the Magi, and more. Every game is categorized and filled with hundreds of challenging levels. Whether you're in the mood for shooting hoops, capturing kings, or solving puzzles, Galaxy of Games can provide hours of entertainment.
Galaxy of Games 3001,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NaN,NaN
Galaxy of Games 350,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,eGames,Galaxy of Games 350 includes 350 challenging games. You can play a wide array of games from a variety of categories.
Galaxy of Games 5000,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,eGames,Galaxy of Games 5000 us a new, premium collection of great games for the whole family! Inside, you'll find classic all-time favorites such as Mahjongg Master, Card & Board Games, Puzzle Variety Pack, Solitaire Master, and more!
Galaxy of Games 50000,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,eGames,Galaxy of Games features 50,000 variations of Arcade, Cards, Casino, Puzzles, Strategy, Word, Sudoku, and Board games.
Galaxy of Games: Green Edition,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,eGames,NaN
Galaxy of Sports,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,eGames,Galaxy of Sports features an wide variety of sports games, including billiards, pinball, bowling, and more.
Galaxy of Trian,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Other Games Ltd,Build a beautiful galaxy filled with planetary systems, nebula clouds, and ancient technology. Claim territories and defend them against your enemies. Build infrastructure and collect minerals. Score as much as possible and leave your opponents in the dust cloud!
Galaxy of Word Games,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,eGames,Enjoy the challenge of word game favorites and classics with a twist including: Greedy Words, Word Search Mania, Challenge Letters, Super Word Slide, Wendy's Word Game
Galaxy On Fire 2 Full HD,PC,Simulation,63,6.5,NaN,Fishlabs,Galaxy On Fire 2 Full HD is an outer space adventure with over 20 solar systems and dozen of planets.
Galaxy Reavers,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Good games,NaN
Galaxy Union,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,cybercritics,NaN
Galcon 2: Galactic Conquest,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hassey Enterprises, Inc.,NaN
Galcon Fusion,PC,Strategy,68,6.4,NaN,Phil Hassey,Conquer the Galaxy like never before! Galcon Fusion is an awesome high-paced multi-player galactic arcade-strategy game. Send swarms of ships to defeat enemy planets and conquer the universe! [Galcon]
Galcon Legends,PC,Strategy,No score yet,5.7,NaN,Hassey Enterprises, Inc.,NaN
GALER: Plague of Heroes,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Graham Dodge,NaN
Game Dev Tycoon,PC,Strategy,68,8.0,NaN,Greenheart Games,Game Dev Tycoon is a business simulation game in which you replay the history of the gaming industry by starting your own video game development company in the 80s. Create best selling games. Research new technologies and invent new game types. Become the leader of the market and gain worldwide fans.
Game of Thrones,PC,Role-Playing,58,6.5,M,Cyanide, Cyanide Studios,Based on George R.R. Martin's best-selling 'A Song of Ice and Fire' series, Cyanide has developed games for the PC and next-gen consoles.
Game of Thrones: A Telltale Games Series,PC,Action,64,6.5,M,Telltale Games,Telltale's series is founded in the world, characters and events seen in HBO’s television show, which in turn is based on George R. R. Martin’s books (A Song of Ice and Fire).
Game of Thrones: Episode Five - A Nest of Vipers,PC,Action,74,6.7,M,Telltale Games,In this penultimate episode, the actions of every Forrester are vital to the survival of the house. Rodrik's alliance with House Glenmore, and his defiance of the Whitehills, has drawn the ire of an even greater threat: Ramsay Snow. Far across the Narrow Sea in Essos, with Meereen now a free city, Asher is close to securing the army he desperately needs to return home, and save his family. In King's Landing, Mira's activities at Tommen's coronation have not escaped the attention of Margaery Tyrell, and Cersei has realized that the handmaiden may prove useful in her political games. Finally, beyond the Wall, Gared's unlikely allies are reluctant to help in the search for the North Grove... but this far into the frozen wilds, Crows and Free Folk have a common enemy; and winter is coming.
Game of Thrones: Episode Four - Sons of Winter,PC,Action,77,7.9,M,Telltale Games,In this fourth episode, the fate of the scattered Forresters hangs in the balance, and no one allied with the family is considered to be safe. An unexpected meeting offers Rodrik a new opportunity to free Ironrath from its Whitehill stranglehold, but with young Ryon Forrester still imprisoned, his next moves are critical. Gared must abandon Castle Black and venture beyond the Wall in search of the mysterious North Grove, risking encounters with Wildlings and worse. In King's Landing, the population is reeling from a recent royal death, and Mira must step carefully in an increasingly complex game of politics where secrets are traded as currency. Far away in Essos, Asher infiltrates the slave city of Meereen at the behest of Daenerys Targaryen, but will the friendship he holds dear break under the strain of a mission that raises memories best forgotten? [Telltale Games]
Game of Thrones: Episode One - Iron From Ice,PC,Action,75,7.3,M,Telltale Games,Episode 1 - Iron From Ice. The series is based on the world, characters and events seen in HBO’s television show, which in turn is based on George R. R. Martin’s books (A Song of Ice and Fire). The events in the game series begin towards the end of Season 3 of the television show and end just before the beginning of Season 5. You'll traverse familiar locations such as King’s Landing and The Wall, as well as unfamiliar locations such as Ironrath, the home of House Forrester.
Game of Thrones: Episode Six - The Ice Dragon,PC,Action,70,6.5,NaN,Telltale Games,Your chronicle is about to come to a conclusion. With House Whitehill tightening its grip on Ironrath at the behest of Ramsay Bolton, the remaining Forresters need to give their all to save the family, whether through diplomacy, subterfuge, or violent force. In the frozen wilds beyond The Wall, Gared learns the secrets of the mysterious North Grove, and Mira discovers that political games in a King's Landing controlled by Cersei Lannister often involve the highest stakes of all. What is the fate of House Forrester? When you play the Game of Thrones, you win or you die. Your choices, your story: you decide. [Telltale Games]
Game of Thrones: Episode Three - The Sword in the Darkness,PC,Action,77,7.8,M,Telltale Games,Asher, the exile, proceeds to Mereen in search of an army to take on the Whitehills. Meanwhile in Westeros, Mira must deal with the lethal politics of King’s Landing. [Telltale Games]
Game of Thrones: Episode Two - The Lost Lords,PC,Action,73,7.8,M,Telltale Games,The Lost Lords is the second of six installments in the Game of Thrones: A Telltale Games Series.
Game Room,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Krome Studios,Remember pumping quarters into your favorite video games at the classic Arcade? Nothing would beat the colorfully-decorated cabinets, the smell of popcorn and candy and best of all, the endless hours of competition with friends, trumping the top score, and mastering the machine. This Spring, Game Room on Games for Windows LIVE lets you relive the glory days of the classic arcade. Play as your Avatar and enjoy the original sights, sounds, and gameplay that make these retro games come alive on Games for Windows LIVE.
Game Room,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Krome Studios,Remember pumping quarters into your favorite video games at the classic Arcade? Nothing would beat the colorfully-decorated cabinets, the smell of popcorn and candy and best of all, the endless hours of competition with friends, trumping the top score, and mastering the machine. This Spring, Game Room on Games for Windows LIVE lets you relive the glory days of the classic arcade. Play as your Avatar and enjoy the original sights, sounds, and gameplay that make these retro games come alive on Games for Windows LIVE.
Game Tycoon,PC,Strategy,42,3.4,E10+,Tri Synergy,Game Tycoon welcomes you to the ground floor of a massive new industry. It's 1982 and you & some friends are discovering the wonders of the personal computer. When you realize the potential for creating a new kind of game for them - "video games" - you decide to start a new business dedicated to it. You picked the right time -- the gaming revolution is about to begin. Can you become the biggest player in the industry, or will your little company fade out and disappear?
Game Tycoon 1.5,PC,Strategy,No score yet,3.8,NaN,Sunlight Games,The year is 1982. Three young entrepreneurs discover the computer and potential to strike it rich in the Games Industry! Their love for computer games is a common bond that they all share but they are also in fierce competition with one another in a race to build a successful Games Development Houseâ€¦ 
Game Tycoon 2,PC,Strategy,No score yet,4.0,NaN,Sunlight Games,In Game Tycoon 2 you find yourself in the middle of the big players. Get into the act and experience the fascination of the game development. Reach your goal and become the Game Tycoon.
Game Type,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mommy's Best Games,NaN
Game, Net & Match!,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Blue Byte,The single-player game offers enough to please just about any tennis fan.
Gamebook Adventures 1: An Assassin in Orlandes,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Tin Man Games,SALE! To celebrate Tin Man Games' 5th Anniversary and the release of the highly anticipated sequel, Curse of the Assassin, on Wednesday September 25th!An interactive fantasy adventure! It's a book. It's a game. It's an RPG. It's a Gamebook Adventure!First in the series of critically acclaimed interactive fantasy gamebooks in which you, the reader, control the direction of the story! Along with a realistic dice-based battle system to fight creatures, a great story and beautiful artwork, An Assassin in Orlandes will give you many hours of gamebook adventuring!#1 Dice game in 13 countries!Top #10 RPG game in 17 countries!"Set within Orlandes City, nobles are being systematically murdered by a ruthless assassin no-one seems able to catch. Finding yourself thrust in the middle of a large conspiracy, you must make decisions that may put yourself and one other most precious to you in great danger. Can you locate the Assassin in Orlandes before it is too late?""Even though Fighting Fantasy books have nearly a 30 year lead on the recently released Gamebook Adventures, the team at Tin Man Games have put together an equally remarkable and entirely original virtual game book for the iPhone." - Touch Arcade"I was both surprised and delight to find that An Assassin in Orlandes delivered one of the most engaging iOS gaming experiences I’ve had to date." - Gamezebo"Tin Man Games has done an admirable job of recreating the experience in an electronic format. The story is top notch, the interface works quite well, and the music really gets you into the atmosphere of Orlandes.  This is definitely a title worth taking a look at, especially if you’re familiar with the print version of this type of book." - iPhone LifeGamebook Adventures 1: An Assassin in Orlandes has the following features:•Newly written story by S.P. Osborne that twists and turns taking the reader on an exciting adventure through the land of Orlandes. We are not simply a re-print of old gamebooks with each GA story lovingly crafted by experienced gamebook authors.•Easy to use interface with classic page turning. As easy as reading a book!•Read in portrait or landscape. (iPad only)•Dynamic page links that respond to your situation.•New gamebook rules and battle system unique to Gamebook Adventures. Rules are accessible at any time during the adventure if you need to refresh yourself.•Real-time 3D dice rolling with realistic physics. Shake the device like a dice shaker and watch the 3D dice bounce around the scene and off each other.•Easy to change fonts, font sizes, and paper type to set up the book the way you want it.•Accessible character sheet at all times during reading which auto updates when you pick up an item, your stats change, or you gain valuable information to help in your quest.•Difficulty levels - Classic, Bookworm and Novice•Use bookmarks to save your progress helping you get past tricky sections.•Achievements to collect throughout the book for those who wish to thoroughly explore all aspects of the story.•Beautifully illustrated by Pirkka Harvala. Once found, each illustration is framed and mounted on the achievements wall so they can be accessed full-screen.•High resolution artwork that takes advantage of the iPhone 4 and iPad.•Keep informed as the land of Orlandes grows. “Orlandes Uncovered” is a detailed history of the fantasy setting and will be updated at regular intervals giving you a rich and rewarding overall experience with the gamebooks.•Interactive world map which is updated regularly.If you are familiar with the Choose You Own Adventure, Fighting Fantasy, Sorcery, Lone Wolf or Grail Quest series then Gamebook Adventures will really appeal to you. Our aim is to give those nostalgic readers of old something new and fresh, and bring a new exciting experience to those unfamiliar with gamebooks. If you enjoy fantasy RPGs or adventure games then this is for you!
Gamebook Adventures 2: Siege of the Necromancer,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Tin Man Games,Second in the series of critically acclaimed interactive fantasy gamebooks in which you, the reader, control the direction of the story! You do not need to have played any previous Gamebook Adventures titles in order to play this.
Gamebook Adventures 3: Slaves of Rema,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Tin Man Games,Third in the series of critically acclaimed interactive fantasy gamebooks in which you, the reader, control the direction of the story! You do not need to have played any previous Gamebook Adventures titles in order to play this.
Gamebook Adventures 4: Revenant Rising,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Tin Man Games,Gamebook Adventures returns for its fourth outing in the critically acclaimed series of newly imagined interactive fantasy gamebooks in which you, the reader, control the direction of the story! Along with a realistic dice-based battle system to fight creatures, a great story and beautiful artwork, Revenant Rising will give you many hours of gamebook adventuring! Please note that you do not need to have played any of the previous gamebooks in order to play this.
H.E.D.Z. (Head Extreme Destruction Zone),PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,VIS Entertainment,H.E.D.Z.'s inspired design doesn't always translate into inspiring gameplay, and while it's frequently funny, it's not very fun once the novelty wears off.
H.U.N.T,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Kylotonn,NaN
Habitat: A Thousand Generations in Orbit,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,4gency,Habitat is a Kickstarter game from indie developer 4gency. It is a real-time, physics-driven orbital strategy game where you build, fly, and fight with the unique space stations that you create out of space debris orbiting earth. It is a strategic space survival game. 
Habitus,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nicky Ho,NaN
Hack 'n' Slash,PC,Action,73,5.2,NaN,Double Fine Productions,Hack ‘n’ Slash is a puzzle action game about hacking -- reprogram object properties, hijack global variables, hack creature behavior, and even rewrite the game’s code. The only way to win is not to play...by the rules.
Hack RUN,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,i273, LLC,===================================== Great news! Hack RUN has been featured in the App Store! We are thrilled Apple has given us this honor, and we hope you enjoy it as much as they do!=====================================Ever wanted to be a hacker?Curious? Try the free version 'Hack RUN free' first.Great fun! ????? I just finished Hack RUN, what a great game! I'm a big fan of interactive fiction and this is a wonderful example of how the genre can be expanded and still be current. BRILLIANT ????? This game is innovative, clever and a HUGE breath of fresh air...This is AWESOME!!! ????? This game us so cool that I stopped texting my girlfriend to play it haha :PHack your way into the heart of a mysterious organization to uncover their secrets. Hack RUN is a game which uses 'old school' command prompts (like DOS or UNIX) that simulate a real operating system. Learn the commands of each system to help you navigate through your adventure. As you hack into their systems, you will learn about the organization and the people who work there. Read files and emails to find clues and riddles which will give you access to more accounts. Data found on their systems will help you learn about the motives of the organization, and how dark their plans can get. You may also discover dirty little secrets about the employees as well. Hacking into new accounts or discovering key information will increase your skill level. As you achieve your goals, you will move closer and closer to the final achievement; over 50 levels deep! It's time for a Hack RUN! GAME CENTER SUPPORT: Earn achievements and compare your leaderboard score against other players.If you own the free version of Hack RUN, note that this full version is AD FREE.Stuck on a level? Just use the 'hint' or 'answer' commands to help you along. =====================================Make sure to play the SECOND and THIRD games in this series called Hack Run ZERO and Hack Time after you complete this game!=====================================Hack RUN is a game. It is not a tool or aid for learning how to hack into real computer systems. i273, LLC does not endorse hacking.
Hack Run ZERO,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,i273, LLC,====================================Great News! Hack Run ZERO is FREE for a limited time! Get it now while it's still free. Note, Hack Run ZERO is the second game in the series; you should try Hack RUN free first before playing this game. We hope you enjoy them all!====================================It's time for a SECOND Hack Run!Note: Hack Run ZERO is a prequel to the app 'Hack RUN'. You should try the free version 'Hack RUN free' before starting this game. "...I promise you that today's free hacking game for the iPhone is worth the look. It's called Hack Run ZERO, and here's why you need to check it out..." - AppChronicles.comTest your skills again as you hack your way through strange and secretive organizations to discover their hidden agendas! Hack Run ZERO uses old school prompts (like dos and unix) to help you navigate from system to system. As you access users' accounts, you'll discover more and more about the organizations and the people that work there.Your adventure begins when you receive a disturbing ransom note about a loved one. Your only way to set them free is to follow the kidnapper's shady demands. Once again your mission is to penetrate the maze of computer accounts through the use of your hacking skills. The stakes run high as you uncover more and more of the enemy's diabolical plan; and with over 70 levels there's no guessing how it will all end!Stuck on a level? Just use the 'hint' or 'answer' commands to help you along. ==================================== Make sure to play the THIRD game in the trilogy called Hack Time after you complete this game! ==================================== Hack Run ZERO is a game. It is not a tool or aid for learning how to hack into real computer systems. i273, LLC does not endorse hacking.
Hack, Slash & Backstab,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,MAGIC Spell Studios,Hack, Slash & Backstab is a 1 - 4 player arcade dungeon crawler with a twist! Work together as warrior, rogue, wizard and archer to survive a dangerous world. But only one player will be crowned the winner: it becomes a fight to the death, as betrayal and backstab become the tools of choice.
Hack, Slash, Loot,PC,Action,No score yet,4.4,NaN,Gooey Blob,Hack, Slash, Loot is a single-player turn-based dungeon crawler.
Hacker Evolution,PC,Strategy,No score yet,6.2,NaN,exoSyphen Studios,You play the role of a former intelligence agent, specializing in computer security. When a chain of events sets off worldwide, leaving critical service disabled, you assume the role a computer hacker to find out what happened and attempt to stop it.
Hacker Evolution Duality,PC,Strategy,No score yet,2.3,NaN,exoSyphen Studios,Hacker Evolution Duality, is the upcoming hacking simulation game developed by exosyphen studios.
Hacker Evolution Duality: Hacker Bootcamp,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,exoSyphen Studios,NaN
Hacker Evolution Duality: Hardcore Package 1,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,exoSyphen Studios,NaN
Hacker Evolution Duality: Hardcore Package 2,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,exoSyphen Studios,NaN
Hacker Evolution Duality: Inception Part 1,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,exoSyphen Studios,NaN
Hacker Evolution Duality: Inception Part 2,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,exoSyphen Studios,NaN
Hacker Evolution Duality: Inception Part 3,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,exoSyphen Studios,NaN
Hacker Evolution: Reinsertion,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,exoSyphen Studios,Continue to play the role of Brian Spencer, a former intelligence agent, in the first official expansion pack, for Hacker Evolution: Reinsertion
Hacker Evolution: Source Code,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,exoSyphen Studios,NaN
Hacker Evolution: Untold,PC,Strategy,No score yet,4.6,NaN,exoSyphen Studios,When the number of computers in existence and their processing capacity exceeds that of all mankind, a point of technological singularity is encountered.
Hacker Evolution: Untold - Flight Zero,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,exoSyphen Studios,NaN
Hacker Evolution: Untold - Hardcore Package Part 1,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,exoSyphen Studios,NaN
Hacker Evolution: Untold - Hardcore Package Part 2,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,exoSyphen Studios,NaN
Hacker Series,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,exoSyphen Studios,NaN
Hacker's Beat,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TEAM TANDS PLUS,All you have to do is hit the "notes" that appear on-screen in the general area of the keyboard that it corresponds to. Just in the general vicinity is close enough, so rhythm ends up being more important than accuracy.
hackmud,PC,Simulation,No score yet,7.6,NaN,Drizzly Bear, h a c k m u d is a cyberpunk themed text-based hacking simulator for intel-compatible personal home computers. 
Hacknet,PC,Miscellaneous,82,7.5,NaN,Orann,Hacknet is a terminal-driven hacking game with competitive multiplayer, a fully internally-consistent network simulation and a realistic interface. It follows the story of recently deceased hacker "Bit", whose death may not be the 'accident' the media reports. You stand in for no one, as most games have you do - play for yourself, make your own decisions, and see the world react - if you're leaving a trace that is. Hacknet has no protagonist, other than the person using it. Don't be reckless though - it's more real than you think.
Hackwork,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,t3hb3n,NaN
HACK_IT,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dan_D,NaN
hack_me,PC,Simulation,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Egor Magurin,NaN
Hadean Lands,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zarfhome Software, Zarfhome,NaN
Haha Imouto Saiin Chiku: Konna Ore ni Uzuite Modaero!,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Ameno Murakumo,NaN
Hail to the King: Deathbat,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Subscience Studios,Deathbat is a 3rd person, overhead dungeon crawler action RPG in the vein of The Legend of Zelda, Gauntlet Legends, and Diablo.
Hairy Tales,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Arges Systems,Combining tile-dragging mechanics with fast furious action, Hairy Tales is a puzzle action game about the zany adventures of a group of not too bright folk spirits, as you help them puzzle out evil conundrums in their mission to save their tile-based world from sickening corruption.
Halcyon 6: Starbase Commander,PC,Strategy,73,7.8,NaN,Massive Damage, Inc.,Halcyon 6: Starbase Commander is a retro space strategy RPG with base building, deep tactical combat, crew management and emergent storytelling.
Half Life 1: Anthology,PC,Action,No score yet,8.9,M,Valve Software,Half-Life spawned a franchise of best-selling and critically-acclaimed single and multiplayer action games. This amazing collection offers four of those games in one package: The original Half-Life, its two official add-on packs, plus Team Fortress Classic, one of the most popular online action games of all time.
Half Minute Hero: The Second Coming,PC,Role-Playing,79,7.0,NaN,Opus,You have 30 seconds to save the world....again. Half Minute Hero: The Second coming is the bigger and badder sequel to the world' fastest RPG. Finally available outside Japan exclusively on Steam. Find a quest, level up, equip some loot, and slay the Evil Lord, all in half a minute.
Half-Inch Heist Turbo,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NaN,The evil Dr Puss has stolen a priceless diamond, and only you can get it back! Venture into the depths of Dr Puss' security vault and test your mettle as you dodge his deadly army of enemies, hell-bent on making sure you never leave with the diamond alive.
Half-Life,PC,Action,96,9.1,M,Valve Software,Half-Life combines great storytelling in the tradition of Stephen King with intense action and advanced technology to create a frighteningly realistic world where players need to think smart to survive. Half-Life has won more than 50 Game of the Year awards from publications around the world, and was named 'Best PC Game Ever' in PC Gamer's November 1999 issue. [Sierra]
Half-Life 2,PC,Action,96,9.1,M,Valve Software,[Metacritic's 2004 PC Game of the Year]  By taking the suspense, challenge and visceral charge of the original, and adding startling new realism and responsiveness, Half-Life 2 opens the door to a world where the player's presence affects everything around him, from the physical environment to the behaviors -- even the emotions -- of both friends and enemies. The player again picks up the crowbar of research scientist Gordon Freeman, who finds himself on an alien-infested Earth being picked to the bone, its resources depleted, its populace dwindling. Freeman is thrust into the unenviable role of rescuing the world from the wrong he unleashed back at Black Mesa. And a lot of people -- people he cares about -- are counting on him. [Vivendi Universal]
Half-Life 2: Deathmatch,PC,Action,No score yet,7.3,M,Valve Software,Fast multiplayer action set in the Half-Life 2 universe! HL2's physics adds a new dimension to deathmatch play. Play straight deathmatch or try Combine vs. Resistance teamplay. Toss a toilet at your friend today!
Half-Life 2: Episode One,PC,Action,87,8.6,M,Valve Software,Half-Life 2: Episode One is an all-new episode created by Valve that extends the Half-Life 2 single player adventure. The player reprises his role of Dr. Gordon Freeman, who must immediately face the repercussions of his actions in City 17 and the Citadel. Freeman reconnects with Alyx Vance and her robot, Dog, as they continue their support of the resistance's battle against the Combine forces. [Valve]
Half-Life 2: Episode Pack,PC,Action,No score yet,8.6,M,Valve Software,The Half-Life 2: Episode Pack offers both of the new games created by Valve to expand the award-winning and best-selling action game franchise of all time. And, as an added bonus, Half-Life 2: Deathmatch is also included for online play.
Half-Life 2: Episode Two,PC,Action,90,9.2,M,Valve Software,Half-Life 2: Episode Two is the second in a trilogy of new games created by Valve that extends the award-winning and best-selling Half-Life adventure. As Dr. Gordon Freeman, you were last seen exiting City 17 with Alyx Vance as the Citadel erupted amidst a storm of unknown proportions. In Episode Two, you must battle and race against Combine forces as you traverse the White Forest to deliver a crucial information packet stolen from the Citadel to an enclave of fellow resistance scientists. Episode Two extends the award-winning Half-Life gameplay with unique weapons, vehicles, and newly-spawned creatures. [Valve]
Half-Life 2: Lost Coast,PC,Action,No score yet,7.7,M,Valve Software,Originally planned as a section of the Highway 17 chapter of Half-Life 2, Lost Coast is a playable technology showcase that introduces High Dynamic Range lighting to the Source engine.
Half-Life Deathmatch: Source,PC,Action,No score yet,4.1,NaN,Valve Software,Half-Life Deathmatch: Source is a recreation of the first multiplayer game set in the Half-Life universe. Features all the classic weapons and most-played maps, now running on the Source engine.
Half-Life: A Place in the West,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Michael Pelletier,NaN
Half-Life: Azure Sheep,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NaN,Azure Sheep is a single player mod for Half-Life.
Half-Life: Blue Shift,PC,Action,71,8.3,M,Gearbox Software,We're back in the Black Mesa compound yet again for the second "official" expansion for 1998's groundbreaking first-person shooter "Half-Life." Take the role of security guard Barney Calhoun who, like Gordon Freeman, is given the task of wiping out every nasty extraterrestrial or misled soldier who crosses his path. (Also includes the first HL expansion pack "Opposing Force.")
Half-Life: Opposing Force,PC,Action,No score yet,8.8,M,Gearbox Software,Return to the Black Mesa Research Facility as one of the military specialists assigned to eliminate Gordon Freeman. Experience an entirely new episode of single player action. Meet fierce alien opponents, and experiment with new weaponry. Named 'Game of the Year' by the Academy of Interactive Arts and Sciences.
Half-Life: Source,PC,Action,No score yet,8.5,M,Valve Software,Winner of over 50 Game of the Year awards, Half-Life set new standards for action games when it was released in 1998. Half-Life: Source is a digitally remastered version of the critically acclaimed and best selling PC game, enhanced via Source technology to include physics simulation, enhanced effects, and more.
Half-Minute Hero: Super Mega Neo Climax Ultimate Boy,PC,Role-Playing,75,7.6,NaN,Opus,The world is at an end, and you have 30 seconds to save it!
Halfway,PC,Strategy,69,6.1,NaN,Robotality,Halfway is a turn-based strategy RPG which takes place a few hundred years into the future. Humanity has begun to colonise new worlds and until now, they were alone… In Halfway you take control of a small team of survivors faced with a violent invasion onboard the colonial vessel Goliath. As their leader you will guide them through the dark and cramped corridors of the ship to slowly take back control.
Halloween Forever,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Imaginary Monsters,NaN
Halloween Mysteries,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Vyacheslav Ozolnieks,NaN
Halloween Otome,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Synokoria,NaN
Halloween Scream,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Bandana Games,NaN
Halo 2,PC,Action,72,5.5,M,Microsoft Game Studios,The saga continues with Halo 2 the international award-winning sequel to the highly successful and critically acclaimed Halo: Combat Evolved. In this sequel, the battle comes to Earth, and Master Chief, a genetically enhanced super soldier, is the only thing standing between the relentless alien Covenant and the destruction of all humankind. Exciting Single-Player Gameplay: Experience first hand the epic struggle between Master Chief and the Covenant armada. Brandish dual-wield weapons Covenant arms and pilot human and non-human vehicles and aircraft to battle intelligent AI alien enemies. Halo 2 for Windows Vista taps into the power of Live Anywhere, a service similar to Xbox Live, to deliver online matchmaking for PC gamers. The service enables Windows Vista gamers all over the globe to connect via their PCs and play on an innovative and competitive online forum. New Multiplayer Map Editor: The game also features the all-new new Map Editor, guaranteeing additional new, fan-generated content in the future. The Halo 2 community can now tap their endless creative potential to develop an unlimited number of user-created multiplayer levels. Complete Community Freedom: Halo 2 for Windows Vista offers gamers the freedom to host their own dedicated servers for maximum multiplayer action. [Microsoft]
Halo Wars 2,PC,Strategy,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Creative Assembly,NaN
Halo: Combat Evolved,PC,Action,83,7.4,M,Gearbox Software,In a desperate attempt to keep a conquering alien race called the Covenant from finding Earth, you--a cybernteically enhanced soldier representing the peak of human military evolution--and a ragtag group of Marines flee to a distant uncharted system where you unexpectedly stumble across Halo, an enormous alien artifact in orbit between a gas giant and its moon. Your objective: Uncover Halo's horrible secret, and destroy mankind's nemesis - the Covenant. [Microsoft]
Halo: Spartan Assault,PC,Action,70,6.1,T,Vanguard, 343 Industries,Available only for Windows 8 and Windows Phone 8, "Halo: Spartan Assault" is a new top-down action shooter that brings a "Halo" video game to touch-based devices for the first time in franchise history. Developed by 343 Industries in conjunction with Vanguard Games, "Halo: Spartan Assault" provides an accessible, pick-up-and-play experience for fans and newcomers alike.
Halo: Spartan Strike,PC,Scrolling,66,6.1,T,343 Industries, Vanguard Games,Halo: Spartan Strike is a top-down shooter.
HALP!,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Fun Bits,NaN
Haluz 2,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Springtail Studio,NaN
Hamilton's Great Adventure,PC,Adventure,77,7.5,E,Fatshark AB,Hamilton’s Great Adventure will introduce Ernest Hamilton, the great explorer, and his friendly bird Sasha, on their quest that will remain secret to not spoil the story. 
Hamilton's Great Adventure: Retro Fever,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,Fatshark AB,NaN
Hamlet, or the last game without MMORPG features, shaders and product placement,PC,Adventure,No score yet,6.2,NaN,mif2000,It may be based on a literary classic, but mif2000's Hamlet is not your English teachers Shakespeare. The game reconstructs the Bards drama by dropping an explorer from the future onto the scene of Prince Hamlet's bloody revenge. The player must guide this man on an absurdist mission to save Hamlet's beloved Ophelia from the clutches of the evil King Claudius. The games creative storyline and accessible point-and-click gameplay will appeal to a diverse audience, from casual gamers to old-school adventure game fans to hardcore Shakespeare buffs. 
Hammer & Sickle,PC,Strategy,52,8.6,T,Nival Interactive, Novik & Co,Hammer & Sickle is a tactical RPG set in the spring of 1949. The player assumes the role of a top Soviet spy on clandestine duty in the British-American controlled sector of Germany during the early years of the budding Cold War. In a world where no one is quite who they appear to be, the player is trapped in a hellish ploy that could trigger a third world war, this time between the United States and Soviet Union and their respective nuclear arsenals. Gamers have to navigate a web of intrigue and make decisions that could determine the fate of the world. [CDV Software]
Hammer Heads Deluxe,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Nuclide,Can you keep the garden gnome population under control? Bash gnomes as quickly as you can while keeping an eye out for special gnomes, prizes and power-ups. It's a smashing good time!
Hammerfight,PC,Action,No score yet,4.9,E10+,Konstantin Koshutin,Hammerfight is about 2D battles of flying machines equipped with various slashing, piercing and blunt weaponry.
Hammerwatch,PC,Action,72,7.5,NaN,Crackshell,A hack and slash action adventure, set in a fantasy pixel art environment. Play solo or co-op in this adventure from bottom to top of Castle Hammerwatch. Kill hordes of enemies with varied looks and features through four unique environments with traps, hidden secrets and puzzles. 
Hanachirasu,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nitro+,NaN
Hand of Fate,PC,Role-Playing,78,8.0,T,Defiant Development,In Hand of Fate, players collect equipment, items, artifacts and enemies as in-game collectible cards in a card based RPG; then play their deck, bringing to video game life a beautiful 3D world in which gamers make difficult decisions.  Sometimes their choices have unexpected consequences and players must crush their foes utilizing a third person action-adventure combat system. The more bosses a player defeats, the more cards they obtain.
Handball 16,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,EKO Software,Play with all your favorite teams in Handball 16, the first handball simulation. Discover a realistic game system, using a new physics and rendering engine, and enjoy fully redesigned controls for a more accessible game experience. Use all the real handball moves and tactics: the spin shot, hip shot, fake, dodge and jump shot. Play with all 68 teams from the three biggest European leagues, with all the players, kits and official statistics of the 2015-2016 season. Learn how to play with a help system that adapts to your play style and evolves as you progress.
Hands on Deck,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,HJO Creations Leksand HB,NaN
Handsome Mr. Frog,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cowboy Color,NaN
Hangeki,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Pentavera,NaN
Hangsim,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Wilco Publishing,In the end it only proves that some real-life experiences just don't make for very good simulations.
Hank Haney's World Golf,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Bluestone Interactive,Golf industry legend Haney has collaborated with IGS Software to release Hank Haney's World Golf.  Haney is a multi-award winning, famed golfing coach, famous for coaching and teaching pro-golfing legends. Haney currently owns and operates four golf teaching facilities in Texas, plus hosts "The Haney Project" on the Golf Channel, helping to develop golfing skills for celebrities such as NBA star Charles Barkley and comedian Ray Romano.  As well as offering his likeness on the box art and name in the title, Haney has shown great enthusiasm for the realism and production quality of the game.
Hannah Montana: The Movie,PC,Action,No score yet,1.4,E,n-Space,Step into the secret dual life of Miley Stewart and Hannah Montana in Hanna Montana The Movie video game. Journey beyond the movie and for the first time ever perform as Hannah Montana or Miley Stewart! Explore Miley's hometown of Crowley Corners as she rediscovers the world she left behind. Launch signature dance moves and jam with band members on the drums, guitar, keyboard and microphone. Rock out on 6 concert stages as you perform for your fans. Perform 15 hit songs - including 5 new tracks from the movie. [Disney Interactive]
Hannibal: Rome and Carthage in the Second Punic War,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Matrix Games,Hannibal: Rome and Carthage in the Second Punic War is a new and innovative turn-based strategy game that puts you in command of the Carthaginian military during a period of total war over land and sea with the young Roman Republic. With this military juggernaut of the ancient world at your disposal, you will vie for control over Italy, Carthage, Spain and the Mediterranean Sea using a combination of strategic political maneuvering and sheer tactical skill both on land and sea. Play consists of two layers; the first is a strategic layer where you must prudently steer your forces to the destruction of Rome’s army and the ultimate destruction of the Republic and city itself. At your disposal are a variety of unit types and historical commanders from which to form your armies. On the tactical scale, when meeting the enemy in battle, skilled leadership and a knack for war come into play as you use a simple but engaging battle system to best your opponents. 
Hannibal: Terror of Rome,PC,Strategy,No score yet,2.6,NaN,Slitherine, Slitherine Group,NaN
Hans Christian Andersen: The Ugly Prince Duckling,PC,Adventure,63,tbd,E,Guppyworks,Hans Christian Andersen's classic tales are filled with fantasy, folklore, and wonder. The Ugly Prince Duckling takes you and your family on a new adventure – on a new medium – playing Andersen himself. Meet the Princess. Day after day she gazes longingly out her window upon the fascinating world below her. On her 15th birthday, tired of her boring privileged life, she decides to leave the royal palace against her father’s wishes in search of adventure. Along her journey she meets young Hans Christian Andersen – a poor teenager struggling to make his way in life, the Little Mermaid, the Ugly Duckling, and other characters made famous in Andersen’s fairytales. Meanwhile, lurking in the dark shadows, the wicked Master of Darkness begins hatching his evil plan. Without the protection of the palace walls, he kidnaps the Princess with help from the Trolls. He plans to expel the King and transform the kingdom into a Troll’s realm of darkness. Your job is to save the Princess and the kingdom! Easy navigation allows you to take complete control of your character in full 3D. Collect objects like the Magic Glow and Tinderbox, solve fun puzzles, and enjoy lots of game action that will keep you on your toes. [The Adventure Company]
Happy Critters,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dreamatrix,NaN
Happy Empire,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,AEL Entertainment,In a faraway land, Charming Princess Leya governed her lovely people in the Happy Empire. One day, her thirst for knowledge and discovery of new lands inspired her to venture on a long journey. During her absence, an evil wizard named Moramor advanced and captured the Happy Empire. Help the princess overcome difficulties, banish the evil wizard and restore the empire!
Happy Feet,PC,Adventure,42,4.0,E,Artificial Mind and Movement,Play as Mumble in the ultimate adventure to win the heart of Gloria and save the Emperor penguin nation. Based on Warner Bros. Pictures' comedy adventure Happy Feet, Midway's immersive videogame puts the player in the "tap shoes" of Mumble, a young penguin born into a nation of Emperor penguins - where each needs a Heartsong to attract a soul mate. Unfortunately, Mumble is the worst singer in the world... however, as it happens, he is a brilliant tap dancer! [Midway]
Happy Pong,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,poppgames,Oddly colorful, yet weirdly fun. Come take a dive into trip nation. Happy Pong will deliver your daily dose of abnormal in the convenience of a video game. This visual buffet offers a wide array of animated sensory experiences for you to choose from. Whatever happens, you are in for one wild ride.
Happy Tails Animal Shelter,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,Take in a variety of different animals in need of homes and give them the care they deserve in Happy Tails Animal Shelter.
Happy Town People,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Christian Merz,NaN
Happy Tree Friends: False Alarm,PC,Action,No score yet,4.3,M,Stainless Games,Disaster has struck the Happy Tree Friends! Earthquakes, fires, and other catastrophes have trapped the beloved friends who now must be rescued. In a unique twist to the action genre, guide the rescue squad of Flippy, Handy, and Lumpy into dangerous situations using unique abilities in a dynamic reactive environment to save as many trapped Happy Tree Friends as possible. Cute, cuddly, and horribly wrong, Happy Tree Friends False Alarm is filled with unexpected situations and outrageous outcomes. For the first time in 3D, play as the rescue squad of Flippy, Handy, and Lumpy to save other Happy Tree Friends such as Cuddles, Toothy and Flaky from life-threatening disasters. Using physics-based reactive environments and problem-solving elements control a rescue squad with unique abilities such as hurling concrete, spraying water, or throwing nitroglycerin to augment the dynamic 3D environments creating a variety of unpredictable outcomes. SEGA and the creative minds behind Happy Tree Friends have teamed up to create 10 original and engaging disaster scenarios such as the Mine Shaft, Candy Factory, and Museum. [Sega]
Happy Wars,PC,Action,No score yet,4.8,T,Toylogic Inc.,Happy Wars is a casual multi-player action game in which a large number of players control comical characters in fun battles. In a variety of fantasy battlefields including grasslands, a dark world, and the ocean floor, players can control any of 3 types of characters: warrior, mage, and cleric. Cooperate with friends to enjoy action on the grand scale, casting magic spells, attacking castles, and so on. For off-line fun, the player can take on missions in the solo campaign mode.
Harbinger,PC,Role-Playing,57,6.6,T,Silverback Entertainment,Under the Overlord's ruthless control, Harbinger's shadow has fallen across countless worlds. Ravaged by endless conflict, the lumbering war machine carries her scars like trophies. Where lesser ships have fallen, Harbinger stands: a monument to her master's destructive appetites. But within her cold walls the old alliances are fracturing. Today, the Overlord's dominance is threatened from all corners. The corruptive Vantir, first and oldest aboard Harbinger, continue to spread like a rampant infection throughout the ship. The tribal Scintilla, placated for decades with false promises and half-truths, are once again rising to take the blood oaths of their ancestors. But it's the newcomers that pose the greatest threat here. The bug-like Cimicidae have arrived and with them a wave of change that threatens to rip this ship apart. That is where you come in. A member of a small raider community, these corridors are the only home you've known. You've been living on scraps with enemies on all sides. Death is always a misstep behind. Sometimes you do the Overlord's dirty work. Sometimes you do your own. We live by unspoken laws down here and the bloodhungry are never far behind. This is your destiny. The choices you make now will affect everything from here on. Choose wisely. [DreamCatcher]
Hard Lander,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,soulareus games,NaN
Hard Reset,PC,Action,73,7.3,M,Flying Wild Hog,Hard Reset is a cyberpunk FPS by Flying Wild Hog.
Hard Reset Redux,PC,Action,73,6.4,NaN,Flying Wild Hog,An action-focused and hardcore single-player shooter which embraces the paradigmatic qualities that the genre has it offer. It includes over-the-top destruction, myriads of enemies, weapon variety, a challenging campaign and a cyberpunk setting.
Hard Reset: Exile,PC,Action,No score yet,7.5,NaN,Flying Wild Hog,NaN
Hard Reset: Extended Edition,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,NaN,NaN
Hard Rock Casino,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,Now you can play blackjack, video poker, and slots--no matter how close or far you are from Las Vegas. Hard Rock Casino combines the most popular casino games in one package, complete with realistic cards and casino gameplay. Each game includes help files and supports familiar keypad controls. In this authentic casino simulation, you can develop your skills and strategies and increase your winnings to become a casino master.
Hard Room,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Atriagames,NaN
Hard Time,PC,Adventure,No score yet,7.5,NaN,MDickie,NaN
I Am Alive,PC,Action Adventure,66,6.0,M,Ubisoft Shanghai,I Am Alive thrusts you into the role of a lone survivor in a believable, dark and insecure post-apocalyptic world. One year after the Event, a worldwide cataclysmic event that wiped most of the human race, a man struggles for survival in a desolate city as he tries to reunite with his long lost wife and daughter.
I Am Bread,PC,Miscellaneous,60,4.6,E10+,Bossa Studios,The story of a solitary slice of bread's epic and emotional journey as it embarks upon a quest to become toasted. 
I Am Caligula,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Seraphim Creations,NaN
I Am Setsuna,PC,Role-Playing,70,7.1,E10+,Tokyo RPG Factory,Inspired by Chrono Trigger, I am Setsuna is an homage to the JRPG masterpieces of yesteryear. Journey with Setsuna as she prepares to make the ultimate sacrifice and save the people of her land.
I Am Vegend: Zombiegeddon,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Libredia,Captain the Vegendary Heroes, survive the Zombiegeddon and take revenge upon the birds, the pigs, and the zombies.
I am Weapon: Revival,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Krealit Company,NaN
I and Me,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Wish Fang,NaN
I Can Run!,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Flywheel 4Games,NaN
I Can't Escape: Darkness,PC,Adventure,40,tbd,NaN,Fancy Fish Games,I Can't Escape: Darkness is a quicksand trap for the senses - the more you listen and look for clues, the deeper you fall into a damp, living dungeon.
I Get This Call Every Day,PC,Simulation,No score yet,3.1,NaN,David S Gallant,Exactly what it says on the box: a lightly filtered experienced pulled from the creator's day job in a customer service call centre, made interactive in a point-&-click format. Lose politely, or lose spectacularly; the choice is yours.
I Hate Candy,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TheRealDucat,NaN
I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream,PC,Adventure,No score yet,8.7,NaN,The Dreamer's Guild,FIVE DAMNED SOULS: Buried deep within the center of the earth, trapped in the bowels of an insane computer for the past hundred and nine years. Gorrister the suicidal loner, Benny the mutilated brute, Ellen the hysterical phobic, Nimdok the secretive sadist, Ted the cynical paranoid.
I Know a Tale,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hoshko,NaN
I Love Horses: 3 Pack,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Viva Media,Blue Ribbon Show Jumper It’s up to you to compete for first place. Ride out on fabulous courses both indoors and out. Practice jumping the obstacles 'till you ride your way into the winner's circle! Invent your own obstacle courses Tons of horses to choose My Riding Stables 2 The Riding Stables at Mill Creek are nearly in ruins and it’s up to you to take over the farm and transform it into a notch riding facility. Compete for the cup in the big cross country races to make your dream come true. Build up your farm, upgrade your stables and breed your own foals. Ride freely and discover beautiful countryside complete with creeks, mountains and forests. Build your horses trust and reap the reward of friendship. Championship Riding Star Feel the magic, balance and rhythm of riding in this highly realistic 3D riding simulation game. Enjoy the thrill of competition in the ring and on the track! Players will get to choose from several exciting categories of competitive riding including dressage, jumping and much more! 
I Love Kittens,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Tri Synergy,Fun Adventures, Fascinating Puzzles, and Fast Action Games! In I Love Kittens! all cat lovers can help precious kittens who need love and affection to be playful and happy. Just like a good mother cat, you can also teach them lessons they need to learn with fun and exciting kitten training programs.
I Love Puppies,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Tri Synergy,Fun Adventures, Fascinating Puzzles, and Fast Action Games! In I Love Puppies! all dog lovers can help precious puppies who need love and affection to be playful and happy. Just like a good mama dog, you can also teach them lessons they need to learn with fun and exciting puppy training programs.
I Miss the Sunrise,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Deltree,NaN
I must kill...: Fresh Meat,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gaming Cats Studio,NaN
I of the Dragon,PC,Role-Playing,55,8.4,M,Primal Software,I of The Dragon is an Action-RPG where the player takes the role of a hero Dragon. The Dragon is young and must be matured in strength and power through a levelling system that will reward the player with new spells and skill upgrades. Play as one of three possible dragons, each with their own unique abilities. Use spells and brute force to hunt down and destroy the evil creatures that threaten the peaceful Nimoans. Defend towns, build new ones. Create mountains or bring them crumbling to the ground. Summon creatures to fight for you or rely on your own powers. Use all means available to help in your quest to unmask the source of evil that plagues the land. [Strategy First]
I of the Enemy: Ril' Cerat,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Enemy Technology,Ril' Cerat is the prequel to I of the Enemy, the real-time strategy game from Matrix Games. In an outpost of the peaceful Lokob race, you must survive attacks by an unknown enemy.
I Spy Fun House,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Big Blue Bubble Inc.,Based on the I Spy books, this game will feature visual riddles and will take place in a carnival fun house.
I Spy: Spooky Mansion Deluxe,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Artech Studios,Discover a collection of intriguing picture riddles and games while locked inside a dark, mysterious house. Reveal hundreds of hidden objects and thrilling secrets as you uncover three different and surprising ways out. Decode a puzzling message, make your own ghosts, unveil a secret room, and more!
I Wanna be the Boshy,PC,Action,No score yet,7.8,NaN,NaN,Try your hand at being the Boshy, just know it won't be easy.
I Wanna Steal Your Wife,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,moddib,NaN
I Want To Be Human,PC,Action,53,tbd,NaN,Sinclair Strange,The story is about a boy, who meets a vampire girl. Boy falls in love with said vampire girl, and then boy gets turned into a hat by evil forces trying to take over the world... wait, say what?
I Was an Atomic Mutant!,PC,Action,64,4.5,T,Canopy Games,You are the victim of a horrible scientific experiment! Terrorize innocent bystanders, fumbling military squads and unsuspecting cities to exact your revenge. [ValuSoft]
I Will Escape,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Blue Label Studio,NaN
I'm Gonna Nurse You 2: Is the Sorority House Burning?,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Trabulance,NaN
I'm not Alone,PC,Action Adventure,44,3.6,NaN,TGC, Profenix Studio,Get ready for the spine-chiller of the year! Playing an intrepid exorcist in this thrilling action adventure, you are summoned to an old mansion haunted by a supernatural force. Once on the site, sheer horror awaits you: Terrible demons have risen from hell and are spreading fear and terror! Now it is up to you to put an end to their sinister doings. With a quick trigger finger and a keen power of deduction, you make your way through the mansion and eventually discover a horrifying secret… Are you prepared to save mankind?
I, Gladiator,PC,General,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Steel Monkeys,Based on the epic Gladiator movies and games of the past, I,Gladiator brings you the true feeling of gladiatorial combat. Punch them, kick them, hit them, stun them, impale them, dismember them, burn them, destroy them.
I, Zombie,PC,Action,65,5.5,NaN,Awesome Games Studio,NaN
I-Fluid,PC,Adventure,69,5.9,NaN,Exkee,Welcome to I-Fluid, the PC game that will plunge you into an exciting and unprecedented physics-based adventure where the smallest and most common object can become your worst enemy. In I-Fluid you will experience our everyday life from the eyes of a drop of water! Just imagine escaping a generous breakfast while avoiding absorbing tablecloth, breads and cakes scattered all around; to cross all sort of vegetables cooking in a frying pan without vaporizing yourself; to face thirsty cockroaches and make your way through a Mexican party or to find your way in a pitch black kitchen only illuminated by a firefly passing by. Many other original and exciting situations like this await you. So look out for vegetables and fruits that can regenerate you with water and be ready to jump, cling on walls and even control humid objects to accomplish various objectives. [Steam]
IACTURA,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Merlin Beer,It is your job to save the planet from its decay. Only you can prevent an extraterrestrial species from taking over all of humankind. How? By shooting them back to where they belong - into the depths of hell of course!
Ian's Eyes,PC,Action Adventure,36,tbd,NaN,Sindie Games,First days at school are usually tough, but they can be even tougher if you’re helping a blind 8-year-old boy named Ian who doesn't know the terrifying dangers that lurk around in every hallway. You play as North, Ian’s lifelong canine companion. Can you help him escape alive? 
Ib,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,8.7,NaN,Kouri,NaN
Ibb & Obb,PC,General,83,8.2,E,Sparpweed,ibb & obb is a two player cooperative game set in a puzzle filled world where gravity goes both up and down. You can only succeed by working closely together. Find a friend for some true local cooperative couch fun or match up online. Fall up and jump down through 15 levels filled with double gravity puzzles and discover the 8 hidden worlds that will test your new non-Newtonian skills to the maximum. All levels have their own unique music composed by Kettel known for his warm melodic electronica.
iBomber Attack,PC,Adventure,No score yet,6.0,NaN,Chillingo Ltd, Chillingo,The legendary iBomber series returns but this time it’s time to ATTACK! Jump into your tank and get ready to blast your way around Europe and defeat the enemy in this visceral tour of destruction! With 24 missions full of explosive action to go at, iBomber Attack is a dose of high-octane entertainment that you won’t be able to put down.
iBomber Defense,PC,Action,No score yet,7.2,NaN,Cobra Mobile,iBomber Defense combines classic tower defense gameplay with intense action and strategy. Keep enemies at bay all over the world using a variety of weapons and tactics, from rattling Machine guns, explosive cannons and awesome anti-aircraft artillery!
iBomber Defense Pacific,PC,Strategy,No score yet,5.8,NaN,Cobra Mobile,iBomber moves to the Pacific as you fight a whole new enemy across the Pacific rim to regain freedom.
iCarly: iDream in Toons,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Activision,Join the cast of iCarly! Their latest web show has been deleted at the last minute and you need to help them go LIVE by creating the new show from scratch! You'll recreate your favorite skits from iCarly and even create all-new skits with your very own backdrops, gameplay objects, music, and more. It's a whole new iCarly experience that you can play on your own or with your friends!
iCarly: iSock It to 'Em,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,Avanquest Software,NaN
Icarus-X: Tides of Fire,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,The Quadsphere,Icarus-X is a Full 3D Vertical Shooter, featuring fast paced action, epic boss battles, challenging achievements, downloadable replays and the mandatory online leaderboards! Icarus-X is now Universal and supports Retina Display, Game Center and the new iPhone 5.Icarus-X features downloadable replays, so that you can enjoy watching the best players in the world turn the game inside out and pull out gigantic high scores!There is also a Slow-Motion Pratice mode to learn the more difficult patterns at your own pace.----------------------------Features include:* Retina Display* Game Center (iOS 4.1 and higher)* Full 3D environments and ships* Fast paced action* Simple and intuitive controls* Online leaderboards* Downloadable replays* Slow-motion practice mode* Epic boss battles* 4 Challenging modes* Achievements and Unlockables* Choose between your iPod music or the game's upbeat soundtrack----------------------------"Graphics are top notch, controls are plainly intuitive" - gizmodo.com (featured in Best Apps of the Week)"Highly recommended" - shmup.com"A polished little gem of a game" - allaboutthegames.co.uk (4/5)"It will make you feal like a 'pro' in no time" - appspy.com (4/5)Top 10 iPhone Apps And Games May 2010 - areacellphone.com----------------------------Watch the trailer and more on the official website : http://icarus-x.comFollow us on Twitter : http://twitter.com/TheQuadsphereJoin us on Facebook : http://www.facebook.com/pages/Icarus-X/380978725066
Icarus: Sanctuary of the Gods,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,ST Entertainment, KRGsoft,A game that's as stupefyingly average as this one wouldn't be worth a second glance if it had any competition.
ICC Pro Cricket 2015,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Indiagames,NaN
Ice Age 2: The Meltdown,PC,Action,No score yet,6.4,E10+,Vivendi Games,Their world is melting, and your Ice Age 2 The Meltdown pals need help escaping the biggest flash flood in prehistory. Swim, splash, and scurry through all the action and adventure from the new Ice Age 2 The Meltdown movie and unearth fun, laughter and surprises along the way. Play as Scrat, along with your favorite heroes from the film. Dive into a huge variety of exciting mini-games, like Sid's Slippery Sloth Slide Challenge. Journey through the amazing worlds of the Ice Age 2 The Meltdown movie... and new ones too. [Vivendi Universal]
Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs,PC,Action,67,tbd,E10+,Activision,Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs reunites fans with Scrat, Sid, Manny and Diego in an all-new quest based on the upcoming film from Twentieth Century Fox. As the unlikely herd travels across the tundra and beyond, they stumble upon another world - a lush Dinosaur World teeming with jungles, mysterious plants, fierce dinosaurs, wild new adventures and several new friends. Taking on the role of more than six playable characters, including everyone's favorite Ice Age friends and newly introduced characters, players master their unique skills and abilities across more than 15 action-packed levels. In addition to the expanded features of the single-player gameplay, for the first time in an Ice Age game, players can team up with friends and family in eight competitive multiplayer mini-games. Experience continuously changing gameplay through more than 15 levels - Every level presents new and exciting challenges as players learn and master each character’s abilities in order to defeat enemies, traverse dangerous landscapes, avoid obstacles and escape from perilous situations. [Activision]
Ice Cream Surfer,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dolores Entertainment SL,The evil Broccoli, irritated by the fact that kids hate vegetables and love ice creams, has created an army of vegetables to destroy the flavor galaxy. Only the Ice Cream Surfer with the help of his 4 super tasty friends can prevent that. Straight to the action, we aren't here to tell stories, but for button-mashing, well in this case iPhone-mashing. Are you ready to shot Ice Cream balls filled with pure cooling energy?
Ice Lakes,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Iceflake Studios,NaN
Ice Puzzle Deluxe,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Alawar Entertainment, Inc, Alawar Entertainment,Ice Puzzle Deluxe is yet another awesome budget puzzle game from Alawar.  Can you thaw the polar bears and dolphins trapped in ice with your mad skillz?
Icebound,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Fastermind,Icebound is a dark fantasy visual novel that takes place in a world locked in the depths of an ice age.
Icebreakers,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Xibalba Studios,Icebreakers immerses players in a new fast-paced extreme winter sport.
Icewind Dale,PC,Role-Playing,87,8.3,T,Black Isle Studios,A completely new Advanced Dungeons & Dragons adventure with an epic storyline in the tradition of "Baldur's Gate." Includes 3-D technology developed for "Baldur's Gate II" that allows for incredible spell and environment effects. New spells, equipment, and abilities provide a higher level of gameplay.  [Interplay]
Icewind Dale II,PC,Role-Playing,83,8.3,T,Black Isle Studios,The worst fear of the civilized realms has come true. The Goblinoids have united into an army of outcasts and misfits and they want to call the Ten Towns their own. Massive swarms of Orcs and Worg-mounted Goblins are attempting to overrun the town of Targos, and that's just the beginning! A call has gone out to all those willing to face insurmountable odds in defense of the Ten Towns. Will you heed the call to arms and face the greatest threat to the Spine of the World? [Interplay]
Icewind Dale: Enhanced Edition,PC,Role-Playing,80,7.4,NaN,Black Isle Studios, Beamdog, Overhaul Games,Evil stirs beneath the Spine of the World. In the northernmost reaches of the Forgotten Realms lies the region of icy tundra known as Icewind Dale. Journey deep into the Spine of the World mountains, a harsh and unforgiving territory settled by only the hardiest folk.
Icewind Dale: Heart of Winter,PC,Role-Playing,74,7.9,T,Black Isle Studios,In the midst of the harshest winter in decades, the barbarian tribes have united under a mysterious new king and threaten to take up arms against the people of Ten-Towns. Continue your adventure in five huge new areas that add directly into the original "Icewind Dale."
Icewind Dale: The Collection,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Black Isle Studios,Icewind Dale: The Collection combines the original Icewind Dale with the Heart of Winter expansion.  The Collection also includes a soundtrack disc and strategy guide.
Icewind Dale: The Ultimate Collection,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.5,T,Black Isle Studios,Journey deep into the Spine of the World, a harsh and unforgiving environment filled with merciless beasts and terrible dangers.  Icewind Dale: Ultimate Collection includes the full versions of Icewind Dale, Icewind Dale: Heart of Winter, Icewind Dale II, the soundtrack for Icewind Dale, Icewind Dale and Icewind Dale: Heart of Winter strategy guides, an additional level, and a set of four character portraits from Icewind Dale II.  This adventure package keeps you busy casting spells, finding items, and clashing with monsters by yourself or with up to six players.  
Ichi,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Stolen Couch Games,Ichi is an easy to play but challenging one button puzzle game. Don't be deceived by the game simplistic look, it’s a braintwister for sure! Collect golden rings by rotating objects, using teleporters, breaking blocks and more.
Icity: A Flight Sim... and a City Builder,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Openland Design,NaN
ICY,PC,Role-Playing,56,6.5,NaN,Inner Void,NaN
id Anthology,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,id Software,Even if you've finished Doom II and its siblings, this one might be worth taking a look at.
Idling to Rule the Gods,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Shugasu UG,NaN
Idol Hands,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Pocket Games,Idol Hands is a strategy game in which you eventually take over the world by guiding your people and defeating other gods. 
Idol Magical Girl Chiru Chiru Michiru Part 1,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Front Wing,NaN
Idol Magical Girl Chiru Chiru Michiru Part 2,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Front Wing,NaN
Idols Galore / Slave Pageant Bundle Pack,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Various,NaN
Idols Galore!,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,AO,Sekilala,You're managing the careers of superstar idols in Japan's J-Pop world, and Japanese famous pop stars are nothing if not hot. The industry is now in your hands, and the girls whose careers you manage know they have to show their thanks to you in various ways. Indulge in the delightful joys these beautiful stars are prepared to lavish on you, whether it's on the set, in the office, or any place of your choosing! Have fun with your airheaded assistant, a slew of foxy superstars, and a beautiful rival. The talented and erotic girls are willing to show their thanks to you for guiding their careers. Who ever dreamed having power could be so much fun?
IDRQ,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TehRainbowGuy,NaN
Iesabel,PC,Action,No score yet,5.5,NaN,Madman Theory Games,In the times of darkness, only the mightiest of heroes can save the world. Stand out against the evil all by yourself in single player mode, or form an unstoppable team with up to seven of your compatriots in a co-op mode. Swarms of bloodthirsty monsters, loads of epic gear to collect, dozens of skills to obtain. 
If My Heart Had Wings,PC,Adventure,No score yet,8.5,T,Pulltop,Lets love the sky.
iF-16,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Digital Integration,If Digital Integration's iF-16 feels about a year old, there's a good reason: Essentially, it is.
iF-22,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Interactive Magic,For a freshman sim effort, iF-22 is impressive.
iF-22 Persian Gulf v5.0,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Interactive Magic,Those who were wary of the initial, flawed release may want to try iF-22 this time around.
iF/A-18E Carrier Strike Fighter,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Interactive Magic,Will Carrier Strike Fighter, like Falcon and Tank Platoon II, rise above its initial shoddy release to become a classic?
Iggle Pop!,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Sprout Games,NaN
Iggle Pop! Deluxe,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,PopCap,Can you rescue the cuddly Iggles from the evil Zoogs? Move your Iggle friends to their color-coded destinations and pop them out of their bubble prisons. And listen to Doc Iggle... he's got all the tips and tricks you'll need to set the Iggles free!
Iggy's Egg Adventure,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Ginger Labs LLC,NaN
IGI 2: Covert Strike,PC,Action Adventure,64,8.5,M,Innerloop,Snipe out terrorism as David Jones takes aim once again in this spectacular action and stealth sequel to Project IGI. Shadow David Jones through Russia, across Libya and into China in three linked covert campaigns, as he infiltrates locations including military airbases, harbours and secret government installations. Features completely new AI systems and an outstanding array of realistically modelled weaponry in both single and multi-player modes. [Codemasters]
Igneous,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Going Down In Flames,Igneous is an action platformer where you play as a tiki totem trying to escape from a raging volcano. By running and jumping, players have to navigate their way through dark caverns, forge raging lava rivers and cross crumbling bridges to make it out of the inferno alive. With stunning graphics and intense physics, each level is a new challenge to overcome. Easy to pick up, but hard to master, Igneous is an adventure you won't soon forget! Escape!
Ignite,PC,Driving,59,6.2,NaN,Nemesys,In Ignite every race is different. Each race brings something new as you try winning the race by using any of the strategies or switch between them during the race. The key factor in the game is the SCORE. You collect score while racing. Every stunt that you perform will award you with a certain number of score. Hitting objects, driving fast, drifting they all give you a certain number of score. When you reach 1000 you can burn away your score as nitro thus getting an edge over the others. If you are in the lead you can hit more objects thus gather more score. However hitting objects may cause you to make a mistake and crash into something that is immovable. If you can be patient and gather more than 2000 score, your nitro will be even stronger. Another tactic is to select one of the super cars which are fast and have a good traction. In this case you won't gather that much score but most probably you won't need it because you don't need nitro to stay ahead. Another way to win is to gather your score and never burn it since at the end all score points are converted to time and is subtracted from your overall time and you may jump ahead the winner.
Igor the Game,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Santa Cruz Games,Igor lures players through Malaria, a world where mad scientists create dubious inventions to compete in the annual Evil Science Fair. Igor, the movie, follows a hunchbacked lab assistant named Igor (voiced by John Cusack) forced to serve a mad scientist while dreaming of one day becoming a notorious mad scientist himself and winning the Evil Science Fair. In the Wii and PC versions of the game, players have the ability to choose one of the main characters (Igor, Eva, Scamper or Brain) and play either simultaneously or cooperatively with up to four people. They are challenged to play within locales from the film, fight enemies and achieve goals that advance them through the storyline. [SouthPeak Interactive]
iGrow Game,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,iDev Games,NaN
IGT Slots: Diamond Galaxy,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,Get some of IGT's most popular casino slot machines, including both 5-reel video machines -- complete with second-screen bonus rounds and bonus features -- plus classic 3-reel spinners. Enjoy popular machines like Diamond Galaxy, Pharaoh's Fortune, Buffet Mania, Kingpin Bowling, Fire Horse, Maid of Money, and more. Machines offer a variety of different denominations, from $0.01 all the way up to $100! Includes MultiWay wagering with 243, 720 and 1024 ways to win, or you can play single-line or multi-line machines: now up to 100-line wagers! And you can choose from 2 modes of gameplay: True Casino Payouts, or experience more jackpots and bonus rounds with Extra High Payouts!
IGT Slots: Little Green Men,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,NaN
IGT Slots: Lucky Larry's Lobstermania,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,This is a simulated gambling game in which players can wager virtual credits in themed slot machines. Players win or lose credits depending upon where the slot reels land. In one slot game, a “cartoony” female character is depicted in an outfit that exposes moderate amounts of cleavage. 
IGT Slots: Paradise Garden,PC,Parlor,No score yet,tbd,T,Fugazo,Reel in the fun with IGT Slots Paradise Garden. A new slots collection from the world’s leading slot machine manufacturer. Enjoy the thrill of true casino excitement on your PC/Mac. Try your hand at 15 slots that bring real life sights and sounds into your own home.
IGT Slots: Wolf Run,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,Following up on the successes of the previous 2 releases in the IGT Slots line - IGT Slots: Texas Tea
IHF Handball Challenge 12,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Neutron Games GmbH,NaN
IHF Handball Challenge 14,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Neutron Games GmbH,NaN
IHRA Drag Racing,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Bethesda Softworks,Because of all the game's problems, it seems likely that not many players will stick with it long enough to enjoy it.
IHRA Drag Racing: Sportsman Edition,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Bethesda Softworks,If you're looking for instant action, try the arcade mode, where you can choose from single event or two-player split-screen racing. For more in-depth play, the season mode allows you to experience the excitement and challenge of the IHRA Sportsman 12-event season. Players will earn money to unlock new cars and receive quality upgrades as they progress towards the IHRA Sportsman Championship. An all-new interface makes customizing and upgrading your car in the Parts Shop and Garage simple and straightforward. In addition, new practice track features allow you to tune your car right on the track and save baselines to see exactly how the work affects your performance. All races utilize the Official IHRA Bracket Racing rule set of the Sportsman Series -- featuring Top Sportsman and Top Dragster car classes. Races are presented with TV-style camera fly bys to fully immerse the user in the on-track and trackside environment. [Bethesda]
IHRA Professional Drag Racing 2005,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Bethesda Softworks,IHRA 2005 takes this best-selling series to a new level with its outstanding graphics, realistic physics, presentation, and, most importantly, intense racing action.  If you're looking for instant action, try the arcade mode, where you can chose from single event, elimination, or two-player split-screen racing. For more in-depth play, simulation mode allows you to experience the excitement and challenge of leading a top racing team through the professional competitive season, earning money, and improving your car while competing in the 12-event national IHRA Professional Drag Racing championship. An all-new interface makes customizing and upgrading your car in the Parts Shop and Garage simple and straightforward. In addition, the new paint shop feature will allow you to customize the look of your car, including multiple paint layers and sponsor and manufacturer decals. All races feature broadcast style race presentation with TV Style camera fly bys and color commentary to fully immerse the user in the on-track and trackside environment. A first person in-car view brings the experience to life with rumbling sound, camera shake, and DualShock rumble support. For newcomers and drag racing veterans, IHRA 2005 is drag racing action like never before. [Bethesda Softworks]
Iji,PC,Action,No score yet,8.2,NaN,Daniel Remar,NaN
Ikaruga,PC,Action,84,7.9,NaN,Treasure,"Ikaruga" is a quick-paced shooter with strong strategy elements featuring a slow-motion training mode and co-op play for two. Available soon for download from Xbox LIVE Arcade, "Ikaruga" is the perfect combination of beautiful, manga-style storytelling and refined, ultra-challenging arcade heroics.
Ikazuchi no Senshi Raidi III: Gyakushuu no Jashinkan,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,ZyX,NaN
IKEA VR Experience,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,2.0,NaN,IKEA Communications AB,NaN
ikenie,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Akumu Games,NaN
Ikusa Otome Suvia,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lilith,Loki, a divine being, joins forces with the jotnar and denizens of Hel and invades Asgard, the world where the gods dwell. Just when it seems he has the whole world in his hands, Odin, the chief of the divine, takes a life-threatening measure. He seals the mouth of the river that feeds Yggdrasil, the tree which supports the world, and compels his captors, "Release me if thou wishest not perish with me." The withering of Yggdrasil means the end of the world. Our protagonist has fallen into a dilemma, but there are keys with which to break the seal on the gate. He discovers that those keys are sealed within the virgin wombs of the battle maidens who continue to oppose him stubbornly: Svia and Sigurd.
IL-2 Sturmovik,PC,Simulation,91,8.8,T,1C, 1C Company,Fly 31 types of Russian, German and American planes. Engage in air-to-air and air-to-ground battles. Multiplay with up to 32 players in dogfight and 16 players in cooperative missions. Use custom paint schemes, squadron nose art, numbering on wings, and national markings for each plane. [Ubi Soft]
IL-2 Sturmovik: 1946,PC,Simulation,86,8.8,T,1C: Maddox Games,Oleg Maddox's Il-2 Sturmovik series of flight simulators continues to expand. The latest offering, Il-2 1946, adds 36 new planes, four new gigantic maps, over a hundred new ground objects, and nearly 200 new campaign missions. This new opus also includes all of the previous Il-2 series content. What began as a one-aircraft study sim is now an astonishing anthology, with a whopping 229 flyable aircraft and over 300 aircraft total! Not to mention that players will have the opportunity to get a first glance at the future of the series arriving next year: Storm of War Battle of Britain via exclusive bonus videos.
J.U.L.I.A.,PC,Other Strategy Games,64,tbd,NaN,Cardboard Box Entertainment,J.U.L.I.A. is a logical video game for PC built upon the story of Rachel Manners, a 35 year old astrobiologist, who was among a close group of scientists chosen to embark upon one of the most critical mission ever conceived on Earth - to encounter alien sentient life forms.
J.U.L.I.A.: Among the Stars,PC,Strategy,71,7.6,NaN,Cardboard Box Entertainment,The story focuses on Rachel Manners, a 35 year old astrobiologist. She is a member of an select group of scientists, chosen to embark on one of the most critical missions ever conceived on Earth. Now Rachel is alone, orbiting an unknown planet. Her only companions are J.U.L.I.A., the space probe’s artificial intelligence and Mobot, a huge reconnaissance robot. Together, this unlikely trio will explore the mysteries of this solar system. But are they prepared for what they will find?
J.U.R: Japan Underground Racing,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,JDM4iK,Beat all opponents in career! Over 200 missions! Oldschool Style! Night street racing atmosphere! Nice and smooth drift physics! Huge amout of Tuning parts!
Jack Keane,PC,Adventure,69,7.0,T,Legacy Interactive,Colonial England. Under a certain amount of… duress… Jack takes on a job which will not only cause him a great deal of trouble, but also bring to light the answer to a mystery out of his distant past. A lack of money leads Jack to accept a charter to take a British secret agent to mysterious “Tooth Island”. When Jack’s ship shatters on the mysterious island’s cliffs on arrival and the secret agent quickly becomes a meal for a monster in the jungle, Jack is soon left to cope with the situation on his own. “Tooth Island” is ruled by the strange Doctor T, who is cultivating man-eating plants and has his own dastardly plans for the British Empire. And why does he seem to know Jack, who can’t remember ever having been on Tooth Island? What are Doctor T's plans? And what does he know about Jack’s past? And then there’s the young and naive Amanda, who is filled by an almost fanatical drive to prove her worth. In the beginning the young lady is employed by Doctor T, and part of her task is to track Jack down and take him prisoner. It doesn’t take long before she begins to wonder if she is really on the right side, or if she shouldn’t join her opponent, the charming Captain Jack, instead. A hair-raising hunt across the length and breadth of the dangerous island finally airs the mystery surrounding Jack’s past and leads to a spectacular showdown with a dark and deadly enemy and his nefarious henchmen. [10Tactle Studios]
Jack Keane 2: The Fire Within,PC,Adventure,52,6.5,T,Deck 13,Jack Keane is back! And his newest adventure is even more fast-paced than ever before!
Jack Lumber,PC,Action,No score yet,6.0,NaN,Owlchemy Labs,A tree killed his granny and now he is out for revenge. Meet Jack Lumber, the supernatural lumberjack who hates trees, loves animals, and hates trees. Did we say that twice? The guy really hates trees, and boy does he have an axe to grind.
Jack Nicklaus 4,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Cinematronics,It's a fine piece of work with only a couple minor flaws.
Jack Nicklaus 5,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Eclipse Software,The Jack Nicklaus series is fast becoming the most complete and satisfying computer golf game on the market.
Jack Nicklaus 6: Golden Bear Challenge,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Hypnos,If you have to buy only one golf game this year, make it Jack Nicklaus 6.
Jack Nicklaus Online Golf Tour,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Accolade,Jack Nicklaus Online Golf Tour provides the fastest and smoothest golf action on the Internet, along with a wonderful community of friendly players.
Jack of All Worlds,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,John Wizard Games,NaN
Jack Orlando: A Cinematic Adventure,PC,Adventure,No score yet,6.9,T,TopWare Interactive,The puzzles and graphics are enough to recommend Jack Orlando to serious adventure game fans.
Jack the Ripper,PC,Adventure,58,6.4,T,Galilea Multimedia,While writing a series of articles about horrible murders in the Low Side District of New York, the young reporter Jimmy Palmer will soon become involved in a game of cat and mouse with an illusive and deadly character - Jack the Ripper. Along Palmer's dark journey he will foster a friendship with a young singer, Abigail, the "Irish Nightingale," and meet numerous other colorful characters of this poor district. Beginning with the search of witnesses to the crimes, Palmer's snooping will soon lead him to investigate suspects. His daily editorials trigger the interest of the serial killer himself, who begins to correspond with Palmer via the newspaper, leading Palmer to surmise that this killer is the infamous Jack the Ripper! [Adventure Company]
Jackal (2016),PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Peace,NaN
Jacob,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Duck Duck Zeus,NaN
Jacob Jones and the Bigfoot Mystery : Episode 1,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lucid Games,App Store EDITORS CHOICE and Number 1 puzzle game.This app is not recommended for iPod 4th Generation.10/10 - a fantastic, bite-sized title that's great for puzzle lovers. - AnalogHype4/4 Must Buy - 'a top-tier iOS puzzle adventure.' - Slide to Play 4.5/5 - 'there are parts that are very reminiscent of many animated Disney films' - Touch Arcade.'...it’s a lot like a Pixar film – a comparison further verified by the superb cartoon visuals.'  - Beefjack.."the presentation is exquisite throughout, and we're already looking forward to the next instalment in this charming series." - PushSquare"its visual style and tone is what has caught my attention so far. It's a very neat looking game" - toucharcade.com"Basically, Epic should be using this game to demonstrate the flexibility of the engine." - Joystiq"...the game looks visually stunning" - aussie-gamer.comA small boy, his big new friend, and a huge problem.Join Camp Eagle Feathers’ newest ‘Brave’, Jacob Jones, on an amazing adventure to uncover just what is going on at Camp Eagle Feather.From talking foxes and celebrity obsessed barmaids to dimwitted hunters and death-metal fan roommates, this is one summer vacation Jacob will never forget.Discover what’s lurking in the forest at night, how the the animals can talk, why Mr Grimmel is so angry, what’s in ‘The Cooler’? and exactly what is wrong with Billy Jackson?Features:- A beautiful, interactive 3D world for Jacob to explore.- Challenging, brain teasing interactive puzzles created by some of the worlds leading puzzle designers.- An original story written by the BAFTA nominated George Poles.- A cast of weird and wonderful characters to interact with, each with full voice over.- Tilt and touch your iPad or iPhone to find hidden objects throughout the world.
Jacob Jones and the Bigfoot Mystery : Episode 2,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lucid Games,Join the new best buddies on a brand new adventure and unravel more of the mystery in a series of brain twisting puzzles.
Jade Dynasty,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Perfect World Entertainment,Jade Dynasty is a martial arts inspired massively multiplayer online role-playing game from Perfect World Entertainment.
Jade Dynasty: Judgement,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Perfect World Entertainment,In the Jade Dynasty: Judgment expansion you can forward to tons of new content including the brand new Voida faction, item customization features for Espers, and the gigantic Archaia zone.
Jade Dynasty: Vengeance,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Perfect World Entertainment,In Jade Dynasty: Vengeance , players will be faced with the tough decision between aiding the humans in their search for immortality or joining the immortal, Athan race to extinguish the humans who threaten the very balance of the Jade Dynasty universe. With the delicate truce between humans and immortals now broken, the Athans are sending down their elite Celan and Rayan factions to fight against the humans. With whole territories up for grabs, Jade Dynasty will never be the same again.
Jade Empire: Special Edition,PC,Role-Playing,81,8.2,M,BioWare,Step into the role of an aspiring martial arts master and follow the path of the Open Palm or Closed Fist. In this multi-award-winning action-RPG, your choices and actions will determine the fate of an empire. Will you prevent the destruction of this beautiful land or crush it beneath your heel? Are you a warrior who uses strength and fighting mastery to bring peace or will your power bring pain and ruin? Enhanced PC features include: Customizable, intuitive controls including support for game-pads and keyboard/mouse. Increased graphics resolutions and new visual effects. New monsters and enemies. New fighting styles. Improved combat AI and difficulty levels. New world map interface. Jade Empire: Special Edition is exclusively available for the PC and features increased graphic resolutions with new visual effects and fighting styles, as well as new monsters and enemies with enhanced AI. The game also includes customizable, intuitive controls and an all-new art book as part of the Special Edition bonus content. [BioWare]
Jade's Journey,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warfare Studios,NaN
Jade's Journey 2,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warfare Studios,NaN
Jagged Alliance 1: Gold Edition,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Various,NaN
Jagged Alliance 2,PC,Strategy,No score yet,9.0,M,Sir-Tech Software Inc.,Even with its problems, its excellent combat system and sense of style make Jagged Alliance 2 very easy to recommend.
Jagged Alliance 2 Gold Pack,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,8.2,T,Sir-Tech Software Inc.,The small country of Arulco has been taken over by a merciless dictator - and only you can loosen the iron grip! Jagged Alliance 2 Gold Pack immerses you into an elaborate role-playing universe where you will interact with more than 150 characters, recruit your own band of soldiers and create your own custom mercenary to win back Arulco - not once, but twice! The perfect blend of strategy, role playing and tactical combat!
Jagged Alliance 2: Unfinished Business,PC,Strategy,64,8.1,T,Sir-Tech Software Inc.,The bullets have stopped flying. Arulco is free at last, but your job's not over. An all-powerful corporation is assaulting the tiny country and, once again, you're needed! Enter a whole new chapter of Jagged Alliance 2 with all new weapons, new mercenaries, new terrains, and the new Mission Builder!  [Interplay]
Jagged Alliance 2: Wildfire,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.5,T,I-Deal Games Studios,Wildfire, created by Serge "Wildfire" Popov, a well known pioneer in the JA2 community includes changes to all weapons, landscapes, structures, missions, enemies and the AI. All elements within the game were altered to make it more realistic bringing it closer to real-life. Wildfire takes you back to Arulco, its economy has completely collapsed and the country has now become a base for international drug cartels. Export of precious metals, which was the foundation of Arulco?s economy, is now just a cover for the extensive export of drugs into North America. The North American Drug Agency has been unable to affect the export of drugs through regular diplomatic channels due to the cartel?s influence and has been forced to take more specific action. You are sent in as a leader of a small band of hired guns to eliminate the Kingpin of the main drug cartel. If successful, you will be hailed as heroes. If you fail, the Agency will deny all knowledge of the operation. Real World, Real Weapons, Real Enemies... REAL TROUBLE! [Strategy First]
Jagged Alliance Online,PC,Strategy,No score yet,6.0,NaN,Cliffhanger Productions,Jagged Alliance Online will be built around the familiar Jagged Alliance games mechanics, which are a mixture of turn-based battles and real-time action. The player takes control of a group of soldiers, commanding them from an isometric perspective to complete tasks in order to earn cash as well as renown. If a player wants to stay on top, mercenaries will need to be trained and equipped with better weapons. If that's not quite enough, then mercenaries can be borrowed from friends or alliances can be formed with other players.
Jagged Alliance Online: Ivan Edition,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cliffhanger Productions,NaN
Jagged Alliance Online: Reloaded,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cliffhanger Productions,NaN
Jagged Alliance Online: Shadow Edition,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cliffhanger Productions,NaN
Jagged Alliance: Back in Action,PC,Strategy,62,5.5,M,Kalypso,Jagged Alliance: Back in Action revives the top-selling Jagged Alliance series of mercenary-themed strategy games with significant updates to visuals and gameplay. Back in Action will showcase a fully updated experience, with modernized gameplay, state-of-the-art graphics and premium production values. 
Jagged Alliance: Back in Action - Point Blank,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,M,Coreplay,NaN
Jagged Alliance: Back in Action - Shades of Red,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,M,Coreplay,NaN
Jagged Alliance: Crossfire,PC,Strategy,63,4.1,T,Kalypso,Jagged Alliance: Crossfire is a stand-alone expansion to the hit tactical RPG  Jagged Alliance: Back in Action that adds new mercenaries, new environments, and new weapons.
Jagged Alliance: Deadly Games,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,Sir-Tech Software Inc.,The big news is that the game now includes multiplayer options.
Jagged Alliance: Flashback,PC,Strategy,52,4.3,NaN,Full Control ApS, Full Control,Jagged Alliance: Flashback is a tactical turn-based action game where you control and maintain squads of mercenaries off and on the battlefield.
Jagged Alliance: Gold Edition,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Kalypso,NaN
Jakers! Let's Explore,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,Based on the Jakers! characters from the hit animated children's series comes a new interactive adventure. Explore the village of Tara, Raloo Farm, and the countryside of rural Ireland in this all-new adventure game for children aged 3-6. Choose to play as Piggley, Dannan, or Ferny using simple point-and-click controls to interact with the world. "Jakers! Let's Explore" is divided into several individual "stories" each with its own varied objectives designed to entertain while also teaching simple positive morals. Told in the familiar flashback style of the TV show, each story is intended as an individual play session of about 30 minutes though new stories can be started as soon as one is completed. The game play consists of several different mini games (about one for each story) in addition to a "stamp collection" of all the various plants and animals that you will discover and explore throughout the whole adventure.
James Bond 007: Blood Stone,PC,Action,63,7.1,T,Bizarre Creations,James Bond 007: Blood Stone features the likeness and voice talent of Daniel Craig, Joss Stone and Judi Dench and features an epic, original story developed by legendary screenwriter Bruce Feirstein.  Players can engage in cover-based firefights, lethal hand-to-hand combat and speed their way through explosive adrenaline-fueled driving sequences as they embark on a global chase leading to action on land and sea through Athens, Istanbul, Monaco and Bangkok.  Gamers can also feel what it is like to be a 00 agent, as they take the battle online in several robust 16-person multi-player modes that require skill, teamwork and strategy as players compete in matches that will have spies battling mercenaries.  
James Cameron's Avatar: The Game,PC,Action,59,7.3,T,Ubisoft, Ubisoft Montreal,Based on James Cameron's film, the game takes you deep into the heart of Pandora, an alien planet that is beyond imagination. Gamers encounter the Na'vi, Pandora's indigenous people and discover creatures and other wildlife the likes of which have never been seen in the world of video games before. When conflict erupts between the RDA Corporation, a space-faring consortium in search of valuable resources, and the Na'vi, players find themselves thrust into a fight for the heart of a planet and the fate of a civilization. [Ubisoft]
James Patterson Women's Murder Club: Death in Scarlet,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Oberon Media,Based on James Patterson's books. Players direct the activity of one of four main characters in the series - a coroner, a police detective, a reporter and a prosecutor - thereby helping the other three solve different crimes. [Elephant Entertainment]
Jamestown: Gunpowder, Treason, & Plot,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Final Form Games, LLC,Remember, remember, the 5th of November...
Jamestown: Legend of the Lost Colony,PC,Action,81,7.5,NaN,Final Form Games, LLC,Jamestown is a neo-classical top-down shooter for up to four players set on 17th-century British Colonial Mars.
JamG,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,7.8,NaN,Erno Kiraly,NaN
JamParty: Be the Music,PC,Action,No score yet,8.0,NaN,Zivix, LLC,JamParty: Be the Music is a music creation game that works with a new six-string guitar controller.
JamParty: Remixed,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Zivix, LLC,JamParty: Remixed enables anyone to become an instant producer, mix-master, and lead guitarist. Players can transition their mastery of traditional rhythm-based music games into actual player-controlled live music creation using JamParty: Remixed's gigantic library of chords, beats, vocals, and soundscapes. Users can create and play songs, then share their music with other players as MP3s or upload to listening devices and social networks. JamParty: Remixed is designed for use with the soon-to-be-released Peavey HeroMaker digital guitar, a revolutionary full-size guitar/game controller with real strings and frets, and is also compatible with existing USB supported Rock Band and Guitar Hero guitar controllers as well as with your mouse and keyboard.
Jamsouls,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Chromatic Dream,Get ready for some crazy battles with your friends in the colorful arenas of Jamsouls. In the hope of bringing back the golden era of multiplayer classics, Jamsouls focuses on fast-paced and manic fun with simple and accessible gameplay. 
Jane Angel: Templar Mystery,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,iMaxGen,Join a mysterious adventure and assist Jane Angel in finding the Holy Grail.
Jane Croft,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,rgogescu,NaN
Jane Croft: The Baker Street Murder,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,RVL Games,Help Detective Jane Croft solve the case of the Baker Street Murder and uncover the deeper conspiracy about the death of her former partner. Find clues and interview suspects in over 30 locations that will keep you guessing.
Jane's Attack Squadron,PC,Simulation,58,tbd,E,Mad Doc Software,Features include: fourteen flyable aircraft, with countless other land, sea, and air vehicles. Patrol, Intercept, and Strategic Bombing, plus air strikes on a wide range of targets including warships, subs, trains, tanks, airfields, and factories; real 3D cockpits with fully functional dials and gauges; one million square miles of satellite accurate, mapped-terrain; fully realized damage model with parts that detach, explode, tear away, and affect flight. [Xicat Interactive]
Jane's Hotel,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Realore Studios,Assist Jane in running the best hotel in town by quickly catering to customer needs.
Jane's Realty,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Realore Studios,NaN
Janken Cards,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,GKT Studios Entertainment,NaN
Janksy,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dlala Studios,Travel across galaxies, collecting Nebula Swirls, in this fun, compelling space based physics adventure. Janksy combines it's quirky graphics and compelling gameplay to keep players entertained and engaged. Spanning a variety of unique and entertaining levels players will be tested, challenged and amused by these bite-size adventures.
Janky Tanks,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hyper Hippo Productions,NaN
Japanese Crosswords,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Wolf Games,NaN
Jaques Roque,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Augusta Software GmbH,NaN
JASF: Jane's Advanced Strike Fighters,PC,Action,48,3.1,T,Trickstar Games,Experience an intense modern flight action sim in JASF: Jane's Advanced Strike Fighters.
Jasper's Journeys,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lexaloffle Games,NaN
Jaws Unleashed,PC,Action,55,7.5,M,Appaloosa Interactive,In Majesco's Jaws, players assume the role of a Great White shark driven to a predacious frenzy by the sonic emanations of underwater oil drilling equipment. To defend their underwater territory, players undertake a campaign to drive the raiders away while simultaneously solving a series of action-based puzzles designed to thwart the player. Taking the game to realistic heights is Appaloosa's advanced game engine that produces stunning underwater visuals and realistic physics that enable the Great White to perform a variety of leaping, twisting assaults, thus rendering havens such as dive platforms and boats vulnerable to attack. [Majesco]
Jazz and Faust,PC,Adventure,42,tbd,T,Saturn+,An epic adventure game where players assume the role of either sea captain Faust or smuggler Jazz and embark on a quest for lost treasure and riches in a beautifully rendered Ancient Eastern environment. Traveling through three picturesque worlds, players communicate with the various 3D inhabitants, thus revealing the game's story, objectives, quests and puzzles. In each of the three worlds, many marvelously rendered scenes give the feeling of playing inside a living painting, creating a rich and impressive world for players to enjoy. [1C]
Jazz Jackrabbit 2,PC,Action,No score yet,8.8,E,Epic Games,In an industry increasingly dominated by blood, gratuitous nudity and violence, Jazz Jackrabbit 2 is a breath of fresh air for the computer-game-playing family. Jazz 2 was designed from the ground up to be enjoyed by anyone from age six to adult. Its fascinating worlds, vibrant colors, and smooth animation make for a joyously thrilling experience. Jazz 2 proves that the rumors of the platform game genre's demise are greatly exaggerated.
Jazz, Trump's Journey,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,katleen,NaN
Jazzpunk,PC,Adventure Games,75,7.7,NaN,Necrophone,Jazzpunk is a stylized first-person adventure comedy. As the mysterious Agent Polyblank, you’ll explore a variety of retro-futuristic locations, and perform all manner of gadget-driven capers. The tone of the game is cartoon cyberpunk; dense technology-infused locales, dripping with a fresh coat of colour and humour.
JDM Tuner Racing,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,JDM4iK,NaN
Jeeboman,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Futuretown,NaN
Jeff Wayne's The War of the Worlds,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,Rage Software,NaN
Jeklynn Heights,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Vex Studios, LLC,NaN
Jekyll & Hyde (2001),PC,Action,34,7.0,T,In Utero,Assume the role of either Dr. Jekyll or the evil Mr. Hyde in this real time action/adventure game as Jekyll seeks to save his daughter Laurie from her kidnappers.
Jelly Dreams,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Firecast Studio,NaN
Jelly Killer,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Immortal Game Studio,NaN
JellyCar,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Walaber,JellyCar is a driving/platforming game. The game is about driving a squishy car through squishy worlds, trying to reach the exit. JellyCar features soft body physics for all of the objects in the world. Also your car can transform for a limited time to aid progression through the level.
Jenny's Fish Shop,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Owl Studio,NaN
Jeopardy!,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Artech Studios,All in all, Jeopardy! is a good computer game. Whether you've always dreamed of being on the hit TV show, love trivia, or just love Alex, it's sure to please.
Jeopardy! 2003,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Atari,Based on the TV game show, Jeopardy! 2003 is a fast-paced competition that allows you to build up incredible winnings.  The host Alex Trebek delivers the answers and you deliver the questions--but remember to buzz in first.  Tackle 5,200 challenging answers in classic, solo, or Tournament of Champions modes.  You can also challenge two other players and track each player's performance.  Once you've conquered the game, take a sample contestant exam and see if you have what it takes to go on the real show.
Jeopardy! 2nd Edition,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Artech Studios,The popular gameshow makes its way to the PC.
Jeopardy! Deluxe,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Sony Pictures Digital Network,Jeopardy! Deluxe brings the familiar answer-and-question formula of the popular game show to your PC in casual form. 
Jeopardy! Super Deluxe,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,NaN
Jerry McPartlin - Rebel with a Cause,PC,Adventure,No score yet,4.7,NaN,bluebox interactive,Discover the sinister secret of Barnett Springs, help Jerry solve a mysterious murder before a shifty FBI agent jumps to the wrong conclusion, and prove that Rock’n’Roll is anything but the devil’s music. Maybe you can even help Jerry to impress Luna, or at least get the better of Jimmy Lash.
Jerry Rice & Nitus' Dog Football,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Judo Baby,Put on a jersey and grab a ball for the ultimate pet sports experience that will excite and entertain the entire family! Dog Football delivers the most delightfully humorous, pickup-and-play doggie action-sport game ever created for the Nintendo Wii TM. 
Jessica's BowWow Bistro,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,RP,GameHouse,Available exclusively for PC, Jessica’s BowWow Bistro offers kids over 50 levels of challenging time management gameplay where they, alongside Jessica, her assistant and Andy the pooch bake delicious doggie delicacies made from real life recipes for discerning canine clientele while earning upgrades and power-ups to grow and expand the bistro’s business.   It’s a little-bit time management, it’s a wee-bit player progression via equipment upgrades and updates…it is definitively 100 percent family friendly and fun.   
Jessica's Cupcake Cafe,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,ValuSoft,Cook up colorful cupcakes and save a family bakery in this charming time-management game. 
Jesus Christ RPG Trilogy,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Wholetone Games,NaN
Jet Car Stunts,PC,Action,57,6.8,E,True Axis,------ Apple: Best Games of 2009 ----- AppModo: "truly one of the best iPhone games" ----- PocketFullOfApps: "An absolute must have game!" ----------- Customer: "and I thought doodle jump was addictive" ----- Many Customers: "Best" and "Ever"Jet Car Stunts is an award winning, over the top, adrenaline rush, 3D driving game, with massive jumps, mid-air hoops, floating platforms, spiral roadways and outlandish maneuvers in impossible environments. The original levels, tight controls and fast, smooth, addictive game play has landed Jet Car Stunts on many "Best of 2009" lists.**** Profesional Reviews ****(5/5) AppSmile: "one of the best iDevice games we've ever played"(5/5) TouchGen: "I've played hundreds of games on my iPhone, and I can honestly say that this is the most fun I've had, thus far!"(10/10) PocketFullOfApps: "An absolute must have game!"(5/5) apphunter.net - "The controls are easy to master and the visual effects are simply stunning"(4.6/5) AppVee: "I recommend it"(8/10) PocketGamer.co.uk: "amazingly fun"(9/10) IGN - "excellent controls, a great drift mechanic" - "an amazing iPhone racer that you should absolutely buy"(5/5) TouchArcade: "Jet Car Stunts has really set the bar high in both visual appeal and handling"(4/4) SlideToPlay: "a thrill ride" (5/5) AppAdvice: "this one is a tight gripping, brow sweating, stunt filled marathon that you’ll enjoy every minute of" - "Jet Car Stuns is one experience everyone idevice owner should have"(5/5) touchreviews.net: "enough content in Jet Car Stunts to keep you playing the game again and again"(5/5) AppSafari: "truly one of the best racing games I’ve ever played"(4.6/5) AppSpy: "poetry in motion"(4.5/5) iphoneachievements.org: "simply magnificent"(9.99/10) IpwnAge: "the BEST app I've ever reviewed"TheAppera: "It’s a great game, one of my personal favorites on iPhone"AppModo: "truly one of the best iPhone games"**** Accolades ****Apple: Best Games of 2009TouchGen: Biggest Surprise 2009AppAdvice: #5 in Top 100 iPhone Games through 2009PocketGamer.co.uk: Top 10 best iPhone games of 2009TouchArcade: Best iPhone Games November 2009TouchArcade: Best iPod Touch and iPhone Games: 2009IGN.COM: Game of the Month: November 2009IGN.COM Editors Choice AwardIGN.COM: #8 in The Top 25 iPhone GamesBestAppEver Awards: 3rd Place award for Best Racing Game**** Features ****- The smoothest, fastest game play of any App Store driving game. Perfectly smooth on 1st Gen iPhones and iPods.- The tightest, most responsive, yet most forgiving accelerometer driving controls in existence.- Smash Physics.- 36 insane tracks. Each track offers something new.- NEW: 26 new downloadable tracks available with an 'in app purchase'. Even more insane driving then before.- NEW: 8 free downloadable tracks from Jet Car Stunts Lite.- Multiple play modes.- Jet assisted drift handling.- Half car, half jet with in-air control surfaces.- Online leaderboards, achievements, challenges and downloadable replays.**** 3 PLAY MODES ****- Platforming - The challenge is simple, just get to the end. Each track is more challenging then the last.- Time Trial - Race to reach the next check point before the time runs out. Beat your best time.- Ghost Racing - Race other people through challenges or by downloading replaysWith 25 challenging Platforming levels and 11 Time Trail levels, this is some of the best value you can find on the App Store.**** CONNECTIVITY ****Jet Car Stunts uses OpenFeint for online community, leaderboards with replays, achievements and challenges. So let's see who are the best players in the world, we dare you!
Jet Force,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,SinclairStrange,NaN
Jet Gunner,PC,Action,No score yet,6.7,NaN,Sinclair Strange,NaN
Jet Moto,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,SingleTrac,The gameplay isn't as revolutionary, but those who feel adrenaline is one of the four basic food groups will get your money's worth here.
Jet Racing Extreme,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,SRJ Studio,NaN
Jet Set Knights,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,FobTi interactive,NaN
Jet Set Radio,PC,Action,No score yet,7.5,T,Sega,Jet Set Radio lets players join the GGs, an up-and-coming street gang in the futuristic city of Tokyo-to, fighting for the right to self-expression against an overbearing, corporate-controlled police force. Rolling and leaping through crowded urban environments on magnetically driven inline skates, players take control of gang leader Beat and his growing posse of deviant artists as they steal turf from the local gangs by covering the city with colorful graffiti. Guided by Professor K, DJ for the hottest pirate broadcast in town - "Jet Set Radio" - the GGs will ultimately uncover the sinister plot hatched by the controlling powers of Tokyo-to.
Jetboat Superchamps 2,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Small Rockets,The sequel to Jetboat Superchamps offers 5 various tracks including Pacific, Subway, and Fjords. Players can unlocking new races as they proceed.
Jetfighter 2015,PC,Simulation,63,tbd,T,NaN,February 2015: After more than 10 grueling years, the war on terror has been won. But beware - terrorism is far from dead. Surviving terrorist leaders and their followers have secretly migrated to South America to enter into a strong alliance with the local drug cartels. Armed with groundbreaking technology and a limitless supply of money, this deadly alliance soon takes control of key strategic regions in the Gulf and South America. Their Goal: to deal a significant blow to the United States! Your Mission: as a member of an elite Air Force combat unit armed with a state of the art combat aircraft, uncover the secrets behind this new enemy threat... and annihilate them! [Global Star Software]
JetFighter III,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Mission Studios,JetFighter III is a good game, if not a great sim, and that's good enough.
JetFighter III: Enhanced Campaign CD,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mission Studios,The Enhanced Campaign CD is a good package, but more is needed to bring JF3 up to speed.
JetFighter IV: Fortress America,PC,Simulation,60,7.5,E,Mission Studios,A combat flight simulation that harnesses 
JetFighter V: Homeland Protector,PC,Simulation,56,4.0,T,InterActive Vision Games,Features over 30 gut-wrenching, action-packed air-to-air and air-to-ground missions to keep you in the thick of the battle. Stunning 3D graphics, environmental audio and highly detailed, satellite-mapped environments. 90,000 square miles of flyable satellite-mapped terrain of the South-western USA. Three flyable Lockheed Martin jets: The F-16 Fighting Falcon, F/A-22 Raptor and new F-35 Joint Strike Fighter. Realistic flight physics and weapon platforms provide the ultimate challenge. Make every mission count as you fight your way through a mystery that will keep you guessing at every turn. Includes an in-game custom editor giving you the ability to create highly customizable single mission challenges. Rich multiplayer features allow up to sixteen people to dogfight over a LAN or internet connection. [Global Star Software]
Jetfighter: Full Burn,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mission Studios,Mission Studios has essentially taken the Jetfighter III engine and wrapped it all in a cinematic narrative that would have shamed Digital Pictures.
K Station,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Maya Games,The year is New Year's Day, 2319, and the happy denizens of K Station are disappearing, one at a time. You are Maya, a lab assistant, trying to find a way out as she weaves her way through the altered lives of the friends and colleagues that remain. 
K-Hawk,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,Step into the shoes of Kitty Hawk, a helicopter pilot who is shot down on an island in the Pacific. Armed only with a pistol, you set off to find the culprit. During the course of your mission, you find out that the colonel responsible for the incident also plans to create supersoldiers using genetic research and molecular biology. In order to stop this horror, you must creep past or eliminate soldiers that guard this evil operation. Only the right combination of strategy, stealth, and fighting will lead to success.
K-Hawk: Survival Instinct,PC,Action Adventure,59,tbd,T,Similis,In this Action-Adventure, players find themselves in the role of Kitty Hawk, a helicopter pilot who is shot down on an island in the Pacific. During this vicious attack, her boyfriend, Major Jeffrey, is killed. From this moment on, it is Kitty against the world. Armed only with a pistol, she sets off to find the culprit of her boyfriend`s (and helicopter`s) demise. Desperate for help, she makes contact with headquarters, but as long as enemy air defence is in place over the island, they can not send reinforcements. During the course of her mission, Kitty crosses paths with an unscrupulous colonel, who, she finds out, is responsible for the downing of her helicopter and the death of her boyfriend. Together with his scientists, the Colonel is up to even more evil than meets the eye. [JoWood]
K-Rolik,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gennady Guryanov,NaN
K.A.S.: Kill and Assault,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Ironiawn,NaN
KA-52 Team Alligator,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,T,Simis Ltd.,Team Alligator's stripped-down flight model is a spectacular failure that taints all other parts of the game.
Kabitis,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Andre Bertaglia,NaN
Kaboom Monsters,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Broken Arms Games,NaN
Kagura Douchuuki,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Debonosu Seisakujo,NaN
Kaiju Panic,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mechabit Ltd,A hybrid strategy Action-Strategy game with a bright and unique art style. Harvest resources, build defences and rescue survivors.
Kaiju-A-GoGo,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Kerberos Productions,NaN
KAIRO,PC,Adventure,76,8.0,NaN,Perrin,Enter the lost world of Kairo. Explore vast abandoned monuments. Bring strange and ancient machinery back to life. Slowly uncover the true purpose of Kairo and fulfil a great destiny.
Kaisa,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Viran Lore Games,Kaisa is an 8-bit style action RPG where you follow the main protagonist Kaisa on a journey of revenge to find the people responsible for his childhood friend's death.
Kaiser Earth,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,poswaf,NaN
Kakuro Epic,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Kristanix Games,With this Kakuro game, you can play and solve kakuro puzzles on your own computer! All puzzles have genuine logic and unique solutions. You can choose difficulty from Easy to Hard, and five different board sizes. If you have problems solving a puzzle, then let the game give you kakuro tips! You can also enter puzzles from newspapers and solve them, or see the solution.
Kal Online,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Inix Soft, InixSoft,The sky and the land are open by Hanin and a nantion of Hwan is been built on the east. For 3,300 years, the nation of Hwan was the master of the world and the king of Hwan, Guhbalkhan establishes a huge country called Naraeha that the size of the territory is 12,000 miles to the north & south with 5,000 miles to the west & east.
Kalimba,PC,Action,81,tbd,NaN,Press Play,Jump, switch and fly your way through mind-bending subterranean puzzles in this new platforming adventure from Press Play.
KAMI,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.7,NaN,State of Play Games,A beautiful and relaxing paper puzzle game.KAMI is deceptively simple: fold out coloured paper to fill the screen in as few moves as possible.Relaxing and easy to pick up, you'll soon find yourself deep in contemplation to perfect each puzzle.Created by State of Play, famous for their handcrafted aesthetic, KAMI has been created with real paper in an elegant Japanese theme. KAMI is tactile, engaging and stunning to look at.? 36 unique puzzles + updates with more!? Beautiful handcrafted Japanese look, created using real paper? Calming and elegant soundtrack? Created by State of Play, creators of the award-winning papercraft game 'Lume'
KAMUI,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Siter Skain,Centuries have passed since the events of RefleX and mankind has once again attained civilization. Now, ancient technology born of a twisted mind sets in motion a chain of events designed to bring divine retribution down upon mankind.
Kana Little Sister,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,AO,D.O.,The most anticipated love-sim from Japan ever, now available in English! Kana-Little Sister is an interactive multi-scenario bishoujo game with potential endings. A fascinating game that tastefully explores various themes of love and taboo, this dramatic dating-sim will change the way you view Japan's visual hentai culture forever. You hold the key to the entire story in this game, and the life-or-death fate of Kana is totally in your hands.
Kana ~ Okaeri + Sensei 2 Bundle Pack,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,D.O.,NaN
Kana... Okaeri!,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,D.O.,In Kana Imouto ~ Okaeri, you have a sister who's two years younger than you named Kana, who has been ill all her life, spending more time in the hospital than at home. In the past you felt jealous of the special attention Kana received in your family, though in recent years you've come to treasure your younger sister instead, wanting to do anything to help her. Though life is never simple, in the end all you want to do is find a way to save your dear little sister. The reason is...you love her.
Kane & Lynch 2: Dog Days,PC,Action,66,5.7,M,Nixxes Software,Kane & Lynch 2: Dog Days is a raw and brutal crime shooter designed to take players on an even more intense story experience, following two of gaming's most disturbed criminals, through the gritty Shanghai underworld.
Kane & Lynch: Dead Men,PC,Action,67,5.9,M,Io Interactive,Kane & Lynch: Dead Men is a dark and gritty drama featuring two men, one is a flawed mercenary and the other a medicated psychopath. Forced together on a violent and chaotic path of redemption and revenge, no action is considered too harsh as this volatile partnership is pushed beyond reason in this brutally realistic, character-driven third person action shooter. [Eidos Interactive]
Kango Shicyauzo,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,AO,Trabulance,"I'm Gonna Nurse You" is a multi-ending dating-sim game for Windows computers. Shinobu is a newly-graduated doctor at St. Michael's Nursing School. Experience what unfolds when he's unexpectedly transferred to the nursing school as a substitute teacher. With all these cute nurses-in-training at every corner, the school is overflowing with sexual energy, and all the beautiful girls are yours for the taking. What will you teach them today?
Kango Shicyauzo 2,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,AO,Trabulance,You are Eiji, a priest with a particular weakness for cute girls. When a panty thief helps himself to the underwear in the girls' dorm, Sister Maria asks you to help put a stop to it by moving into the dorm yourself. Although you try to be good, the thought of living alongside all those ripe young nurses-in-training is enough to really get your juices flowing.
Kanji Training Game,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Targhen Games,NaN
Kansei: The Second Turn,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,sakevisual,Kansei is an interactive story game produced by sakevisual, and the sequel to the murder mystery game Jisei. The story follows the journey of a teenager with the ability to relive the death of any corpse he touches. He finds himself tangled in another murder case when the owner of a high profile corporation dies under mysterious circumstances. This time, however, he's forced to team up with a group of kids with abilities as strange as his own. Unfortunately, these new team mates might be more dangerous than the killer they're hunting.
KAO the Kangaroo,PC,Action,60,7.8,E,Titus Software,Kao encounters many different enemies, including menacing bosses in a battle royale at the end of each level! Hang gliders, motorboats, snowboards, and even a space scooter add to the game pace and diversity.  [Titus]
Kao the Kangaroo Round 2,PC,Action,No score yet,7.9,E,Tate Interactive,Kao the kangaroo is on the run – he has to stop the evil hunter Barnaba, who has captured most of his friends. Starting deep in the forests of the beavers, your journey will bring you to fascinating locations like the thunder mountain, the sea land and even the lost treasure island. Lots of adventures are waiting – use a snowboard to cross the frozen "gap of no return", win a breath-taking speed boat race and fly on the back of your pelican friend across the sea until you reach the legendary treasure island and the hideout of Barnaba. [JoWood]
Kapsul Infinite,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Luke O'Connor,Pilot your tiny space capsule through an endless series of procedurally generated challenges. Physics-based action gameplay that is easy to learn, but very difficult to master. Try and try again as you soak up the soothing atmosphere and striking abstract visuals.
Kaptain Brawe: A Brawe New World,PC,Adventure,69,tbd,T,Cateia Games,Step into the world of interstellar travel, where Space Pirates lurk at every corner. Kaptain Brawe, a Space Police officer will embark on a journey filled with quests, conspiracies and general chaos, as he follows the lead of two kidnapped alien scientists.
Kara no Shoujo,PC,Adventure,No score yet,8.9,NaN,Innocent Grey,The year is 1956; a series of bizarre murders rocks the city of Tokyo. Tokisaka Reiji, an ex-cop turned private eye, joins the investigation at the behest of his friend Uozumi Kyozo, a detective in the MPD. As Reiji frantically struggles to crack the case, he learns that the murders bear an uncanny resemblance to a case in which his own fiance was murdered six years ago. But try as he might, the body count just keeps rising...
Kara no Shoujo: The Second Episode,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Innocent Grey,NaN
KARAKARA,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,calme,NaN
Karaski: What Goes Up...,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Unbound Creations LLC,The Glorious Commonwealth’s first Airship has been sabotaged! Uncover what the passengers are hiding and write the grisly conclusion. Open-ended who-done-it mystery where others may suspect YOU if you're not careful!
Karate Master 2 Knock Down Blow,PC,Sports,No score yet,7.8,NaN,Crian Soft,Karate Master 2 Knock Down Blow is a fighting game that mixes elements of RPG, simulation and arcade, in an explosive combination to relieve the Beat'em up genre.
Karateka,PC,Action,48,4.8,T,Liquid Entertainment,Jordan Mechner returns to game development for the first time since Prince of Persia: Sands of Time with a downloadable remake of his Apple II action hit from 1984.
Karma,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,WnMStudio,NaN
Karma Miwa,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Space Fractal,You play a strange fragile flightless bird, who has been gone for too long and now wants to go home to its mate, which is far away. However for unknown reasons, enemies are being lured and attracted the bird. The flightless bird needs to run and jump over many enemies and obstacles on its journey home to your mate. The bird trek is long and full of danger. Can you help the bird to get home to your mate?
Karma. Incarnation 1,PC,Action,No score yet,6.5,NaN,AuraLab,NaN
Karma: Operation Barbarossa,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dragonfly,This is a free-to-play first-person shooter based on an alternate-history version of World War II.
Karmaflow: The Rock Opera Videogame,PC,Action,47,tbd,NaN,Basecamp Games,Karmaflow: The Rock Opera Videogame is a puzzle platformer. You play as the Karmakeeper and it's your task to restore the balance in various mysterious worlds. Through an adaptive music system and sung narrative you will experience a unique rock opera. 
Karos Online,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Galaxy Gate,In Karos Online, players take the role of a hero determined to defeat the curse of darkness falling over the world of Asmara, and ascend to ultimate glory by becoming the mythical Karos warrior. Through questing, guild clashes and mass PvP, they enter the fight for domination over the world's vital energy source, Fletta. Fletta gems provide the basis for the game's unique and complex alternate progression system; alongside traditional leveling within the game, Fletta energy can be used to increase stats, give buffs, buy resources and enchant items.
Karos Returns,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Galaxy Gate,NaN
Karpov 3D Chess,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Razor3D,Now you can learn chess from Anatoly Karpov, who has won more than 1,000 tournaments since he was six years old. Receive tips from the grand master, and then practice your strategies and tactics against a variety of opponents. Whether you're a beginner or an expert, Karpov 3D Chess offers challenges for chess players of every skill level. Inspired by the original M.I.T. version, Karpov 3D Chess includes nVidia Stereo game drivers, plus glasses that let you view your matches in 3D.
KartRider,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nexon,This online kart racer features free multiplayer racing and allows track and kart modifications.
Kat Burglar,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Krome Studios,Kat Burglar is an action game in development by Krome.
Katabasis,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,trsnell,NaN
Katawa Shoujo,PC,Adventure,No score yet,8.7,NaN,Four Leaf Studios,Katawa Shoujo is a visual novel designed by Four Leaf Studios, released in 2012. Hisao Nakai, a normal teenage  boy, has his life turned upside down when a long-dormant Cardiac dysrhythmia forces him to move to a fictional school for disabled children, Yamaku High.  Despite his difficulties, Hisao is able to find and make friends and even find something he may not have been looking for, love.
Kate's Fix it Up Adventure,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,MumboJumbo,When Kate comes home from college to find her dad's auto repair shop is in financial trouble, she's determined to keep it from going down without a fight! Help Kate put her plan into action as she expands the business from Nevada to Hollywood in workshops across six exciting locations. Grab a toolbox and work on cleaning, repairing and tuning up 10 different car models to save the shop . Surf the pacific as Kate's unexpected love story unfolds.
Kathy Rain,PC,Adventure,77,6.7,NaN,Clifftop Games,Set in the 90's, Kathy Rain tells the story of a strong-willed journalism major who has to come to terms with her own troubled past as she investigates the mysterious death of her recently deceased grandfather. 
Kawasaki Fantasy Motocross,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Canopy Games,Kawasaki Fantasy Motocross is a thoroughly flawed game from beginning to end and proves once again that big-name licenses mean nothing by themselves.
Kawasaki Jet Ski Racing,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Monkey Byte Development,Take out one of five Jet Ski watercrafts in a race on fifty different courses. THese courses take the player to ten different locations around the world.
Kayak Extreme,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Small Rockets,This kayak racing game features upgradable kayaks and paddles and a variety of racecourses.
Kazgar's Revenge,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,pixelvex,NaN
Ke-Tsu-No-Ana,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Yusuke Uemura,NaN
Keebles,PC,General,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Burnt Fuse Pty Ltd,A physics-based vehicle building puzzle game.
Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes,PC,Adventure,67,8.5,NaN,Steel Crate Games,You're trapped alone in a room with a ticking time bomb. Your friends have the manual to defuse it, but they can't see the bomb, so you're going to have to talk it out – fast.
Keepsake,PC,Adventure,68,6.9,E,Wicked Studios,In an enchanted world of mystery, beauty and boundless imagination, begins the epic quest of Lydia, a young girl embarking on a journey of enlightenment that takes her to the gates of Dragonvale Academy where she will become a new apprentice. Upon her arrival, something is terribly amiss. The campus is deserted and even Celeste, Lydia's best friend who is a scholar at the Academy, is no where to be found! While exploring, Lydia stumbles across a most disturbing object... a doll she gave Celeste as a keepsake. It is now clear to Lydia that treachery and sorrow lurks in the halls of the Academy. Accompanied by a charmed dragon named Zak, Lydia must quickly overcome trials in The Chamber of Passage, understand the secrets of the runes and glyphs, and master the forces of magic to uncover the mystery behind Celeste's disappearance, Dragonvale Academy and the beloved keepsake. [Adventure Company]
KEL: Reaper of Entropy,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Tavern Games,Recall all those RPGs in which you start in a village and you have to prove your worth by clearing the local crypt of undead skeletons? What if you woke up as one of those skeletons instead of the wannabe hero?   KEL Reaper of Entropy gives you the opportunity to control Kel the Skeleton and choose whether to terrorize or please the villagers. Or both for that matter. The game features unconventional gameplay, heinous methods of gaining victory and a non-existent variety of ways to customize your character. An overdose of twisted humour as a bonus.
Kelly Slater's Pro Surfer,PC,Sports,82,7.8,T,Beenox,In Kelly Slater's Pro Surfer, players experience an all-out adrenaline rush as they drop down huge wave faces, pull into barreling tube rides and pull off hundreds of massive trick combinations and signature pro moves. Players choose their own path as they interact with famous surfers, sponsors, magazines and photographers. Exotic real world locations and events including full beach environments with real landmarks and hazards lend authenticity to the game. Multiple modes of play let gamers choose from Career Mode, Free Surf and multiplayer games and each mode unlocks new riders, boards, events, videos and secret breaks. Kelly Slater's Pro Surfer features ultra-realistic ocean conditions including barrels and tubes, and is the only surfing game to have populated waves, where gamers can ride alongside other surfers. Players can also use the Record Book feature to track individual rider stats and world records set throughout the game. [Aspyr Media]
Kelp,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Certly,NaN
Kelvin and the Infamous Machine,PC,Adventure,79,7.5,NaN,Blyts,Kelvin and the Infamous Machine is a point-and-click adventure in which you stumble irresponsibly through history to help legendary geniuses complete their masterworks.
Kenshi,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.7,NaN,Lo-Fi Games,Kenshi is an independently developed single-player RPG focusing on open-ended gameplay features rather than a linear story. Touted as a sort of squad-based Oblivion spliced with X-Com Apocalypse, players control a team of samurai characters in a massive desert world, adventuring around and getting stabbed, such as RPG characters tend to do. Starting off with just a single weak character with a rusty sword and no shoes, the player can work his way up through a number of professions to develop a team of hardened warriors powerful enough to influence or even oppose the more powerful factions in the world.
Kentucky Route Zero,PC,Adventure,No score yet,8.2,NaN,Cardboard Computer,Kentucky Route Zero is a magical realistic adventure game about a secret highway in the caves beneath Kentucky, and the mysterious folks who travel it.
Kentucky Route Zero - Act I,PC,Adventure,81,7.6,NaN,Cardboard Computer,Kentucky Route Zero is a magical realistic adventure game about a secret highway in the caves beneath Kentucky, and the mysterious folks who travel it.
Kentucky Route Zero - Act II,PC,Adventure,82,8.1,NaN,Cardboard Computer,Kentucky Route Zero is a magical realistic adventure game about a secret highway in the caves beneath Kentucky, and the mysterious folks who travel it.
Kentucky Route Zero - Act III,PC,Adventure,91,6.6,NaN,Cardboard Computer,Kentucky Route Zero is a magical realistic adventure game about a secret highway in the caves beneath Kentucky, and the mysterious folks who travel it.
Kentucky Route Zero - Act IV,PC,Adventure,90,6.5,NaN,Cardboard Computer,Kentucky Route Zero is a magical realistic adventure game about a secret highway in the caves beneath Kentucky, and the mysterious folks who travel it.
Kerbal Space Program,PC,Sci-Fi,88,8.2,NaN,SQUADTeam, Squad,In Kerbal Space Program you have to build a space-worthy ship, capable of flying its crew out into space without killing any of them. At your disposal is a collection of parts, which must be assembled to create a functional craft. Each part has its own function and will affect the way a ship flies (or does not). So strap yourself in, and get ready to try some Rocket Science.
Kero Blaster,PC,General,82,7.0,NaN,Studio Pixel,A classically-styled 2D side scrolling action game packed with adventure. You are a bipedal frog and a master of the Custodial Sciences, charged with the unenviable task of ridding your company's teleporters of strange black creatures. Fight for your life through a menagerie of unique monsters while getting your hands on exciting new tools of the trade.
Keys of the Kingdom,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Left Behind Games,Keys of the Kingdom is a brain-teasing logic PC game which takes you to the romantic epoch of noble knights and heroic adventures! You will move back in time and try to help Sir Lancelot save the township from the oppressive King. Along the journey to the King's castle, Sir Lancelot and his faithful horse will need to solve many exciting puzzles invented by the guards who block your way. Outsmart them all to reach your goal and meet the King.
Khaba,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hello There,A mystery puzzle adventure.
Khan: Absolute Power,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mirinae,NaN
Khan: The Absolute Power,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mirinae Entertainment,This fantasy massively multiplayer online role-playing game set in the 13th century features one of history's greatest conquerors, Genghis Khan.
Kharkov: Disaster on the Donets,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Strategic Studies Group,Seize the Initiative and Secure Victory! Kharkov: Disaster on the Donets is the latest strategy title from the award-winning team at Strategic Studies Group. A synthesis of the very best elements of two critically acclaimed and top-rated game systems, Decisive Battles and Battlefront, and a successor to both, the new Kharkov: Disaster on the Donets brings to life a campaign of epic scale and dynamic battles on the Eastern Front of World War II. [Matrix Games]
Khet 2.0,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Blueline Games,The Laser Game Khet 2.0: Mind blowing laser fun for players ages 9-99. Using simple rules that can be learned in minutes players alternate turns moving Egyptian themed mirrored pieces, after which they fire their laser with the goal of blasting their opponents Pharaoh to win the game.
Khimera: Destroy All Monster Girls,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Suits & Sandals,NaN
Kholat,PC,Fantasy,64,7.4,NaN,IMGN.PRO,The game is inspired by true event known as Dyatlov Pass Incident.
Kiai Resonance,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Absorb Reality,NaN
Kick Shot Pool,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Glimmer Games,Test your pool-playing skills against the AI in Kick Shot Pool. You can even play against your friends online. 
Kick-Ass 2,PC,Action,No score yet,2.1,NaN,Freedom Factory Studios,Enter the world of the multi-million dollar film and comic franchise Kick Ass in Kick Ass 2, a new beat-em-up for PC and console.
KickBeat: Steam Edition,PC,Action,66,7.4,T,Zen Studios,KickBeat offers players several innovative ways to interact with music. The game combines beat-matching mechanics with an acrobatic style of martial arts, turning every song into a raucous battle. The game also features a music analyzer that allows players to create new tracks from their own music libraries.
KickHim,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Pokshevanov Pavel,Kick him - it is very fun game for haters furious neighbors. In life you can not always pour out their anger on a stranger, which starts early in the morning to make repairs or the like to annoy you. But in this game you can do whatever your heart desires. Kicking, beating, drilling them. Very bright and interesting fascinating game. You can choose every time new and completely different players more similar to your neighbor. You can choose different items that will be hitting him, for which you earn money, collect points and pass each time more and more difficult levels.
KicknRush Soccer 2006,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Xing Interactive,KicknRush Soccer 2006 features 3D graphics, 120 European teams and around 2000 players.
KickOff 97,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Anco Software,With a little improvement, future versions should produce a true contender.
Kid Chameleon,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Sega,Heady Metal, the boss of the arcade game Wild Side, has escaped! Hes capturing kids by defeating them at their own game.
Kidnapped,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,5.0,NaN,Deceptive Games,NaN
Kilgazar,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Fascimania,NaN
KILL,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Ragnar,NaN
Kill Craft 2,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Firestonegames,NaN
Kill Fun Yeah,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Arctic Anteater,NaN
Kill the Bad Guy,PC,Miscellaneous,62,6.1,NaN,Exkee,Kill The Bad Guy is a puzzle-based game with a seemingly calm, utopian atmosphere, but in actuality, it is a veritable playground for which to serve vile evil doers their just deserts! So players, pull up a seat and tuck in your bibs because it is about to get messy!
Kill The Plumber,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Keybol, Iskander Aminov,NaN
Kill to Collect,PC,Action,57,5.2,NaN,Pieces Interactive,NaN
kill.switch,PC,Action,66,7.8,T,Namco,In a world on the brink of global conflict, you find yourself on the frontlines of battle. Only this time, you?re not here to prevent a war?You?re here to start one. Kill.Switch is an innovative military shooter that emphasizes realistic cover techniques and awesome firepower for the ultimate experience in combat gaming. Featuring the unique offensive cover system, Kill.Switch demands the use of modern combat tactics, forcing players to utilize surrounding environments and quickly adjust on-the-fly through each intense and challenging scenario. In Kill.Switch, you will take on the role of a highly skilled military operative with a dark agenda. Your initial missions will take you to global 'hotspots' such as the Middle East, the Caspian Sea region, and North Korea. As the story unfolds, more will be revealed about who you are, and exactly why you are undertaking the types of missions assigned to you. Remember: Cover is your only ally. The environment can be used to your advantage. Utilize the terrain. Take cover. Take aim. Take over. [Hip Games]
Killbot: Dead Zone,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,nobodyshot,NaN
Killday,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warheadguy,NaN
Killdays,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warheadguy,NaN
L U N E,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Isaac Cohen,NaN
l'Abbaye des Morts,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Locomalito,NaN
L.A. Noire: The Complete Edition,PC,Adventure,83,7.9,M,Rockstar Leeds,Amid the post-war boom of Hollywood's Golden Age, Cole Phelps, an LAPD detective is thrown headfirst into a city drowning in its own success. Corruption is rampant, the drug trade is exploding, and murder rates are at an all-time high. In his fight to climb the ranks and do what's right, Phelps must unravel the truth behind a string of arson attacks, racketeering conspiracies and brutal murders, battling the L.A. underworld and even members of his own department to uncover a secret that could shake the city to its rotten core. Using groundbreaking new animation technology that captures every nuance of an actor's facial performance in astonishing detail, L.A. Noire is a violent crime thriller that blends breathtaking action with true detective work to deliver an unprecedented interactive experience. Search for clues, chase down suspects and interrogate witnesses as you struggle to find the truth in a city where everyone has something to hide.
L.A. Rush,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,T,Midway,An innovative racing videogame based on the sport of competitive street racing and the fanatical, ruthless lifestyles of those involved. Based on entirely new technology that recreates a living, breathing go anywhere Los Angeles with highly destructible environments, players will be able to explore Los Angeles by day or by night from Compton, to LAX, Hollywood, Beverly Hills, and the beaches of Santa Monica. Pure racing skills are on the line as the world's best street racers gather in L.A. and the player's self-respect is up for grabs in a variety of non-racing driving missions. Cop chases, gridlock, cross-traffic, high-flying jumps, and the death-defying shortcuts that the Rush franchise is known for take L.A. Rush beyond the standard tuner-car simulation game. Featuring a number of gameplay modes and unique objectives, L.A. Rush will feature more than 50 licensed and concept cars, classic muscle cars, SUVs and import tuners, customizable part manufacturers and designs (including several exclusive West Coast Customs vehicle concepts), celebrity talent, music and much more. [Midway]
LA Cops,PC,Action,45,6.1,NaN,Modern Dream,LA Cops is an action-packed 3D top down shooter set in 1970s LA with police trying to do a tough job in a tough town. 
La Grande Armee at Austerlitz,PC,Strategy,67,5.3,NaN,HistWar,La Grande Armee Campaign Series aim is to reconstruct the main confrontations of the Napoleonic period from 1805 to 1815, as faithfully as possible.  The first game in this series is La Grande Armee At Austerlitz.   The La Grande Armee Campaign series game map will be without Hexagons, with an accuracy of one meter.  Each confrontation, the losses are evaluated from the numbers, from their organization, their level, and the layout of the battle's place. Graphics are either 2D -to ensure a quick command- or 3D to represent at best the reality of the battle. [Matrix Games]
LA Street Racing,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Groove Games,L.A. Street Racing puts you in the seat of one of 10 stock import cars challenging you to seek out random street races at nighttime, earning parts and cars. You slowly mold your vehicle into a finely tuned racing machine, capable of taking anything on the streets, but it won't be easy. There are many other racers out there with these same aspirations, willing to do whatever it takes to get the checkered flag. The player can disassemble, repair, and upgrade their vehicle part by part. From bumpers to sway bars nearly every possible part that is found on an actual vehicle is not only present in L.A. Street Racer, but removable, damageable, and upgradeable. A detailed city resembles the feeling of Los Angeles, with diversified roadways, corners, and intersections that made the dynamic street races a possibility. [Groove Games]
La Vuelta Online,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cyanide,A unique game experience awaits players in La Vuelta Online. In the game, players can create their own cycling team, train it, equip it and lead it through one of the most prestigious cycling competition: the Tour of Spain, La Vuelta. The game follows the official stages of La Vuelta 2009's route and is accessible to all types of players, novice and cycling enthusiasts. Players will have to set up their race tactics and do their best to manage the behavior of their riders if they want to win this epic competition and claim the numerous PC video games offered to the winners!
La-Mulana (Remake),PC,Action,80,7.1,NaN,Nigoro,Will you fall prey to deadly traps or unravel the secrets of LA-MULANA?
Labyrinth,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Free Range Games,NaN
Labyrinth Explorer,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Frozen Skull Animation Studio,NaN
Labyrinthine Dreams,PC,Adventure,No score yet,6.6,NaN,Solest Games,Labyrinthine Dreams is a short puzzle game about overcoming the scars of the past and following the right path, even in the face of overwhelming challenges.
Labyronia RPG,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.5,NaN,Labyrinthine,NaN
Labyronia RPG 2,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.4,NaN,Labyrinthine,NaN
Ladra,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Is Future Bright,NaN
Lady Killer in a Bind,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Love Conquers All Games,My Twin Brother Made Me Crossdress As Him And Now I Have To Deal With A Geeky Stalker And A Domme Beauty Who Want Me In A Bind!! or, Ladykiller in a Bind. Can you survive seven days trapped on a cruise ship with your brother’s classmates and enemies, forced into a game of high stakes social manipulation? An erotic visual novel by the creators of Analogue: A Hate Story about social manipulation, crossdressing, and girls tying up other girls.
Lair of the Evildoer,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Going Loud Studios,NaN
Lakeview Cabin Collection,PC,Action,70,tbd,NaN,Roope Tamminen,NaN
Lamia Must Die,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Tuomo Laine,NaN
Lamia's Game Room,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Digital Crafter,NaN
Lance A Lot,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Rocket Hammer,RUIN FRIENDSHIPS. ON ROCKETS. Challenge your friends to a tournament of rocket jousting. Up to 4 players can fight each other locally – but only one will be left standing when the dust settles. 
LOCO: Land of Chaos Online,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Danal,LOCO features a roster of 30 unique characters from competing factions that include the Army of Hell and the Forces of Nature. Hulking warriors, evil magicians, giant monsters, and agile gunslingers all stand ready to join the fight, and each one brings a distinct set of strengths and weaknesses to the battlefield. Whether players are tearing through minions to reach a towering boss, destroying enemy camps to clear the map of opponents, or taking on another team in a guild battle, joining up with the right combination of characters is the key to victory in the Land of Chaos.
Land of Legends,PC,Strategy,70,tbd,NaN,Tiny Hero Game Studios,Land of Legends is a turn-based fantasy strategy game where eight unique races vie for supremacy using a combination of cold steel and hot magic. Players will have to use their wits and each race's special abilities to bring defeat to the forces of darkness plaguing the lands in the thirty-two mission campaign. The game doesn't end with Evil's defeat though, as a built-in matchmaking service allows infinite replayability by giving players the chance to play against live opponents around the globe. [Shrapnel Games]
Land of the Dead: Road to Fiddler's Green,PC,Action,36,6.6,M,Brainbox Games,Prepare for the Horror... A horrific plague breaks out and mobs of zombies are roaming throughout the tri-state area, killing people at random. You play Jack, a simple farmer who must rise beyond fear, and battle your way through hordes of terrifying undead who are bent on spreading the zombie plague. You encounter a mysterious man named Mr. Kaufman who has established Fiddler's Green, a fortified city, which holds the last of the living. He has offered you a special job, with an exceptional reward. An offer too good to turn down, but will you live long enough to reap the rewards? Based on the George A. Romero film, "Land of the Dead." [Groove Games]
Land's End,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,ustwo,Land's End is a VR adventure from the creators of Monument Valley . Set against spectacular landscapes, the player is tasked with awakening an ancient civilization using the powers of their mind. Land's End combines ustwo games’ approach to interactive storytelling with Samsung Gear VR, creating a virtual reality experience that you can take anywhere.
Lander,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Psygnosis,The single-thruster craft, while perfect for games about landing on the moon, is wholly unsuited to the precision indoor combat maneuvers simulated in Lander.
Lands Of Devastation,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Rai Studio Games,NaN
Lands of Hope Redemption,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Regal Computer Services,Lands of Hope Redemption is a 2D RPG with MMORPG elements, played with hundreds and even thousands of your friends OR simply played as a lone wolf. At the start of the game you are free to choose one of our template classes or build your own class and be unique.
Lands of Lore III,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.3,T,Westwood Studios,Simplistic gameplay, barren environments, a dated graphics engine, and horrible artificial intelligence collectively make Lands of Lore III an unsatisfying experience.
Lands of Lore: Guardians of Destiny,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.1,NaN,Westwood Studios,It is a remarkable achievement and a game that many will savor and struggle with for weeks and weeks.
Landstalker: The Treasures of King Nole,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,E,Sega,You are Nigel, an elf and treasure hunter extraordinaire.
Lantern Forge,PC,Action,No score yet,6.9,NaN,Hearthfire Studios,A sandbox survival game with building, crafting, and RPG elements. Mine and forage for resources to build a home, plant crops, and craft weapons and armor. Then venture out to explore the wilderness, find hidden dungeons and temples, fight unique monsters, and collect the treasures they guard. 
Lapis Gunner,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hentai Industries,NaN
Lapland Solitaire,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lemon Moose,NaN
Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light,PC,Action Adventure,82,8.1,T,Crystal Dynamics, Nixxes Software,Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light is the first ever downloadable, co-op action/adventure game featuring Lara Croft. This brand extension incorporates the hallmarks of the Tomb Raider franchise including exploration, discovery, platforming, and puzzle solving. Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light allows players to experience Lara Croft from an isometric viewpoint, and combines new gameplay features such as character progression, fun fast-paced combat, and elements of cooperation and competition. Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light will be available to download this summer.
Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light: A Hazardous Reunion,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Crystal Dynamics,Four new challenge maps featuring mind-boggling puzzles, waves of intense combat action, and a fiery reunion with an old friend.
Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light: All the Trappings,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Crystal Dynamics,Four new challenge maps filled with hordes of undead enemies and devious traps you must maneuver and exploit to survive.
Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light: Things That Go Boom,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Crystal Dynamics,Four new explosive challenge maps featuring a variety of tense puzzles, deadly traps, and relentless combat encounters.
Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris,PC,Action,73,5.4,T,Nixxes Software,Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is the sequel to Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light. In her new adventure, Lara Croft travels to Egypt and realized she must join forces with rival treasure hunter Carter Bell and imprisoned gods Horus and Isis to defeat the evil god Set. Featuring a 4-player co-op story, players must work together to explore the temple, defeat hordes of enemies from the Egyptian underworld, solve devious puzzles, and avoid deadly traps. At the same time, players compete for treasure, powerful artifacts, and ultimate bragging rights. 
Lara Croft GO,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Square Enix Montreal,NaN
Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness,PC,Action Adventure,49,6.4,T,Core Design Ltd.,A series of grisly murders brings Lara into conflict with a sinister Alchemist from the past, and a secret alliance of powerful individuals shrouded in mystery.  At the center of these mysteries are the Obscura Paintings - five 14th century pieces of art that the Alchemist is desperate to repossess.  Accused of the murder of her one time mentor, Werner Von Croy, Lara becomes a fugitive on the run. Pursued by the police, she follows the Alchemist into a dark world of blood, betrayal and vengeance where it is up to her to defeat this unholy alliance, and stop them from unleashing their incredible powers on the world. [Eidos Interactive]
Laraan,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Flynn's Arcade,NaN
Lariad,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,snauts,NaN
Larry Bond's Harpoon - Commanders Edition,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Matrix Games,Larry Bond's Harpoon - Commanders Edition is the latest addition to the longstanding naval warfare simulation series that has brought dozens of awards and accolades from gamers and military personnel alike over the course of more than a decade. Like its predecessors, Larry Bond's Harpoon - Commanders Edition allows players to assume the role of a fleet commander, making the same type of decisions he has to make, using the same type and quality of information he might expect to get in wartime.
Larry Ragland 4x4 Challenge,PC,Driving,51,tbd,E,Xpiral,Mix one part dirt and mud, 2 parts gasoline burnin’ speed, and 3 parts bare knuckle adrenaline and you get the most exhilarating indoor racer. [Xicat Interactive]
Larva Mortus,PC,Action,64,7.4,NaN,Rake in Grass,At the end of 19th Century, dark forces shade the world once again. A brave agent, experienced in exorcism and combat, comes to face the oncoming evil, and fight loathsome supernatural monsters and horrific spawns of black magic. It's your quest, to combat evil forces and to face a dark warlock of the ancient times and stop his plan to capture powerful artifact of black magic. Larva Mortus is an action horror game that has you hunting monsters of the supernatural in a dark and ominous atmosphere full of undead, terrifying and demonic nightmares. In the game as the role of the agent you will go through many action packed monster hunting missions on your way to defeat the unholy forces. Larva Mortus offers fast and entertaining monster-hunting game play. A horrific atmosphere goes hand in hand with furious action packed splatter fest. Everything accompanied by creepy, first class soundtrack! [Meridian4]
Las Vegas Tycoon,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,Be the kingpin behind a Las Vegas casino, working up from modest locations to mega resort hotels.
Laser Disco Defenders,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Out of Bounds,NaN
Laser Dolphin,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dingo Games,Play as a dolphin with a frickin' laser on its head... while attempting to save the Prime Minister, and battling with missle-launching fish and dangerous sharks!   Did we mention the laser?
Laser Lasso BALL,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,RagTagRadical,NaN
Laser Squad Nemesis,PC,Strategy,73,7.3,T,Codo Games,A new two player, squad level, email strategy game designed by the creators of the award winning X-Com series of games. You can play anyone, anywhere in the world, as long as they have an email address. The game engine is a unique combination of turn-based control and real-time action with video style playback of all your battles. The email system allows you to play the game at your own pace, and play as many games concurrently as you can manage. The game is a battle between three opposing forces. You can choose to play the Laser Marines, Machina or Spawn, and you can choose the composition of your force before each battle. There are a large variety of battlefields (over 30) and two different scenario types. [Codo Games]
LaserCat,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,MonsterJail,NaN
Laserlife,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Choice Provisions,Remember what it means to be a human in this interactive biography of a dead astronaut found in deep space by future intelligences who have no concept of humankind. 
Last Call!,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Cutler Creative,Last Call is a fast-paced, entertaining, and humorous game for adults that can teach the casual player some fun drink recipes.
Last Chaos,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.6,NaN,T-Entertainment,Last Chaos is an on-line role playing game where thousands of players can simultaneously be connected, fight and upgrade their courage and battle skills through adventures, quests and crafting skills with fellow adventurers. It is set in the land of Iris, a place where anarchy, terror and ambition reign after an epic struggle between the Gods
Last Days,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,CrackedGhostGames,NaN
Last Days of Spring Visual Novel,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sapphire Dragon Productions,Last Days of Spring is a YA (Young Adult) Otome Visual Novel following a group of high school seniors in their last week of school as they come to terms with questions about love, life and destiny.
Last Dream,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.3,NaN,White Giant RPG Studios,An Incredible Storyline...
Last Half of Darkness: Beyond the Spirit's Eye,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,T,WRF Studios,A new story is born from the shadows of darkness, revealing a twisted tale of terror in which the souls of an entire town are governed by an ancient black jewel known only as the "Eye."
Last Half of Darkness: Society of The Serpent Moon,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,WRF Studios,NaN
Last Half of Darkness: Tomb of Zojir,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,WRF Studios,The darkness has descended upon Louisiana, where the treasures from the gypsy's lair are still hidden, when a mysterious book is found in the tiny town of Shadowcrest. Perhaps a book that should never have been opened. A book with pages that chart the passage to the Isle of the Dead...
Last Heroes,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warfare Studios,Join 4 warriors in a incredible adventure about friendship, dreams and destiny!
Last Heroes 2,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warfare Studios,Amelia and Roland are headed to Odaro continent, where Amelia thinks she will find her parents and discover the truth about her past... However, reaching Odaro they realize that it won't be an easy task. They join forces with Lutania Army, a group of soldiers that are fighting against Illion.
Last Heroes 3,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warfare Studios,Amelia and Roland are headed to Memato continent, where they think Baroda Prison is located, the place where her mother is being held captive. Will they manage to free her? You must help them in this very dangerous and amusing journey!
Last Heroes 4,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warfare Studios,The finale to the Last Heroes Saga!
Last Hope - Tower Defense,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,JE Software,NaN
Last Horizon,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,PixelJam Games,NaN
Last Inua,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Glowforth,Last Inua tells the tale of an Inuit family’s fight for survival in the harsh elements of the mythical Arctic. The Tonrar, a demonic trickster, has awoken in the arctic. 
Last Knight,PC,Action,No score yet,7.9,NaN,Davision,NaN
Last Knight: Rogue Rider Edition,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Toco Games,Last Knight is a genre mix that combines platforming, action-packed riding and ragdoll physics driven jousting. It is fast-paced action in a never ending randomly generated Unreal Engine powered fantasy world.
Last March of the Dodos,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,UGF,NaN
Last Sam Standing,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Big-O,NaN
Last Will,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lizard Factory,Last Will is a reverse Escape Room game, where you need to get into the center of a grand old mansion, made by a eccentric and paranoid old professor. 
Last Word,PC,Role-Playing,67,8.4,NaN,Twelve Tiles,In a society where having the last word means having power over others, a small party is disrupted by a gentleman who politely issues orders via one-way intercom. 
LASTFIGHT,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Piranaking,LASTFIGHT is bringing 2v2 3D fighting back to your living room! Pick up any available object in one of the 8 stages and teach your opponents a lesson! Play in local multiplayer mode, for up to 4 players, or one-player story mode, with a cast of 10 characters inspired by the comic book LASTMAN. 
LaTale,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,4.8,NaN,Actoz Soft,In this tale, though, the story of adventure and discovery that unfolds all revolves around you. The word "La" is a bit trickier. La is a word, but it is also a musical note and much more. Likewise, La Tale is rich with beautiful music, art, and storytelling.
Laura Jones and the Gates of Good and Evil,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nevosoft,NaN
Laura Jones and the Secret Legacy of Nikola Tesla,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Astar Games,NaN
Lavapools,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,4EdgesGames,NaN
Law & Order II: Double or Nothing,PC,Adventure,74,6.0,T,Legacy Interactive,Law & Order 2: Double or Nothing introduces an all-new story and challenges you to be both Criminal Investigator and District Attorney as you bring a killer to justice! Partner with Detective Lennie Briscoe to investigate the death of a scientist found shot in midtown Manhattan. Interview witnesses, interrogate suspects, gather evidence and order lab tests as you unravel entangled love affairs, financial misdeeds and secret identities. Arrest the right murder suspect and test your prosecution powers as you build your case with Assistant D.A. Serena Southerlyn. A successful conviction is up to you! [Vivendi Universal]
Law & Order: Criminal Intent,PC,Adventure,56,6.3,M,Legacy Interactive,Debuting for the first time as a PC game is Law & Order: Criminal Intent. A different game engine from the previous Law & Order games, Law & Order: Criminal Intent lets the player take on the role of Detective Robert Goren (Vincent D'Onofrio) and experience the game from a third person point of view. With multiple cases to solve, the player will investigate crime scenes, search for valuable evidence and interview witnesses and suspects. Law & Order: Criminal Intent offers the player an innovative and psychologically oriented interview technique, to help with breaking down potential suspects. Innovative puzzles ranging from easy to mind-bending are woven into the compelling storyline. Before solving each case, the player must build a profile based on real-life criminal profiling techniques to help track down the killers. [Legacy Interactive]
Law & Order: Dead on the Money,PC,Adventure,70,8.7,T,Legacy Interactive,Join the Law & Order team in this exciting 3-D mystery game based on an original, complex murder case. Partner with Detective Lennie Briscoe to collect evidence and interview witnesses. Once you've arrested the killer, work with Serena Southerlyn to build a compelling case that will convince the jury to return a guilty verdict. [Legacy Interactive]
Law & Order: Justice Is Served,PC,Adventure,77,7.5,T,Legacy Interactive,In Law & Order: Justice is Served, players are assigned to a murder case involving twenty-year-old tennis sensation, Elena Kusarova, whose body was discovered the day before the start of the U.S. Open. Players will need to search the crime scene, analyze evidence, solve puzzles, interrogate suspects and make arrests alongside Detectives Lennie Briscoe and Ed Green. After a suspect is in custody, the player will need to put a compelling case together with A.D.A. Serena Southerlyn in order to convince the jury to return a guilty verdict. New features for this third installment in the Law & Order game franchise include a new character from the TV show, Detective Ed Green; a re-designed, more intuitive interface; increased interactivity and flexibility with more characters and locations; improved performance; and unlockable bonus content from the actors on the show. With many more interviews and clever puzzles seamlessly integrated into the storyline, this third installment promises to be an even longer, more fulfilling gameplaying experience than the previous versions. [Legacy Interactive]
Law & Order: Legacies,PC,Miscellaneous,53,7.5,NaN,Telltale Games,In Law & Order: Legacies players will take on the roles of both investigator and district attorney as they hit the streets to gather evidence and then enter the court room to prosecute the case. As in every episode of the Law & Order series, choice and morality are key factors and every decision made throughout Law & Order: Legacies will affect the outcome and can lead to multiple endings for each case.
Lawnmower Racing Mania 2007,PC,Driving,No score yet,8.6,E,eV Interactive,Lawnmower Racing Mania 2007 is a racing game which features 18 themed tracks, customizable mowers and is licenced by the U.S. Lawn Mower Racing Association.
Laxius Force - Heroes Never Die,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.9,NaN,Aldorlea Games,Laxius Force is the story of Random and Sarah, a young couple that finds itself engulfed in a war against the Order, a powerful and dangerous organisation whose goal is to take control of the world. Meet Brussian, Wendala, Marion and their many other friends as they join the adventure for the only purpose to defend Adretana, a town that happens to be the next target of the Order's plans. Laxius Force is an epic, addicting RPG at the crossroads of games like Baldur Gate and the old Final Fantasy and Dragon Quest. If any of those are among your favorite games, then you should definitely give a try to Laxius Force. [Aldorlea Games]
Laxius Force II - The Queen of Adretana,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.9,NaN,Aldorlea Games,In this new adventure you will find dozens of hours of gameplay, more than 20 characters, countless monsters, items and quests as you follow the road of Half-Goddess Luciana and her many friends.
Laxius Force III - The Last Stand,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,9.0,NaN,Aldorlea Games,42 playable characters will make this epic adventure possible, in over 150 quests, all contributing to create an addictive and spectacular RPG experience lasting well over 100 hours of playtime!
Laxius Power III,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Aldorlea Games,NaN
Layers of Fear,PC,Adventure,72,7.9,NaN,Bloober Team,Layers of Fear is a psychedelic horror where you take control over an insane painter in his quest to finish his magnum opus.
Layers of Fear: Inheritance,PC,Adventure,70,8.2,M,Bloober Team,NaN
Layers of Fear: Masterpiece Edition,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Bloober Team,Layers of Fear: Masterpiece Edition includes both Layers of Fear and the Inheritance DLC in a single, horror-filled package.
Lazerbait,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Taylor Stapleton,NaN
Lazors,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Pyrosphere,*** Major update to Lazors! New version 2.0 ***Lazors is a puzzle game of lasers and mirrors offering more than a hundred levels, ranging from easy distractions to hard challenges.+ 120 levels+ Intuitive gameplay+ Hint system+ Retina Display graphics+ Universal: iPod, iPhone and iPad+ Game Center achievementsMove blocks, reflect the laser, hit all targets!
Lazors & Asteroids,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,LethalHax,NaN
Le Havre: The Inland Port,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,DIGIDICED,In the award-winning board game, Le Havre: The Inland Port, you and your opponent compete in order to amass the most wealth by building up the iconic French port of Le Havre. The game can be played locally against the computer, in hot-seat mode or online -- competing against friends or global players in order to advance in the rankings. Drop in and out of play anytime and play an unlimited amount of games with your friends simultaneously, whenever you want.
Le Mans 24 Hours,PC,Driving,60,tbd,E,Atari,Race over 70 licensed cars including 30 new vehicles from the Le Mans 2000 Race. Blast through 12 real-world tracks. 24 hours of intense action with unique Day-to-Night-to-Day racing: endure real-time weather and surface effects for ultimate realism. Fully immersive environments including new animated drivers and pit crew, advanced AI, new car settings and real-time lighting. Compete in 5 challenging game modes and experience the new Le Mans 2000 Race. [Infogrames]
Lead and Gold: Gangs of the Wild West,PC,Action,70,8.4,M,Fatshark AB,Lead and Gold: Gangs of the Wild West is a third person shooter delivering an intense team based multiplayer experience. Relive the violent era of the Wild West as it ought to be with adrenaline fueled action and fast paced gunfights. Fight gritty battles in beautifully rendered classic western settings. Test your mettle in genre specific game modes and levels tailor-made for satisfying team play. Lead and Gold features the unique Synergy system, a power up system encouraging co-operation and team tactics. The Synergy system permeates the frantic shooter gameplay and rewards the player for objective oriented gameplay. [Paradox Interactive]
Leadfoot,PC,Driving,69,7.6,E,Ratbag,Ratbag, the developers of the "Dirt Track Racing" series, brings us their latest budget-priced short-track racer (a first for the PC) which features 8 different vehicles, 12 custom tracks, and realistic vehicle damage physics.  Racers compete for prize money and sponsorship cash to throw back into car improvements in the career mode.
League of Angels,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,2.1,NaN,GTArcade,NaN
M.A.R.S. - A Ridiculous Shooter,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,M.A.R.S. Core Team,NaN
M.A.X. 2,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,Flat Cat,There's no denying that M.A.X.2 has all the ingredients of a great game, but strange quirks in the game engine and some downright bugs prevent it from reaching its full potential.
M.A.X.: Mechanized Assault & Exploration,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.8,NaN,Interplay,Command & Conquer,  move over.  M.A.X. does it better.
M.C.Escher's Snowboard Throwdown,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sockseven,NaN
M.EXE,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Pedro Zea,NaN
M.I.N.E.,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,WeaponOwl,NaN
M.U.D. TV,PC,Strategy,53,4.3,T,Realmforge Studios,Create your own crazy TV station and take it all the way to the top of the rankings. Fight for 8 different viewer groups and show your competitors who’s boss.
M1 Tank Platoon II,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,T,Atari,M1 Tank Platoon II is still an extremely well-done and researched simulation, and is almost worthy of the name.
M4 Tank Brigade,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,iEntertainment Network,NaN
M4: Operation Tiger Hunt,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Digital Fusion Inc.,With the M4 Sherman tank as your armor, you must storm the continent of Europe during World War II. It's your job to seek out and destroy Germany's greatest tanks, including Tigers, Panthers, and Hummels, as they hide, maneuver, and engage you in fierce firefights. Each military vehicle is historically accurate and capable of causing big explosions. The sounds of war come to life as you blast through multiple levels filled with villages, forests, and fields.
Mabinogi,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.4,NaN,devCAT,With more than seven million players in Asia alone, gamers have been highly anticipating the North American launch. Now, casual and core gamers alike have the opportunity to discover the world of Mabinogi. Without spending a dime, adventurers will find more dungeons with dangerous monsters. Players can equip avatars with innovative items, like kite shields and crossbows. Those who don't want to fight will appreciate learning the latest skills – either through new skill books or practice. And if a player wants to take it easy but doesn't have a nearby body of water, they can go fishing in Mabinogi. [Nexon]
Macabre,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,MOCBJ Software,NaN
Mace Griffin Bounty Hunter,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Warthog,Against a futuristic backdrop of corporate, religious and political intrigue, players will take up the quest of Mace Griffin, once a valued member of an elite police force, The Rangers. Griffin becomes the unsuspecting pawn in a sabotaged incident that kills his comrades and disbands the Rangers, and earns him a 10-year stint behind bars. Emerging from prison hardened and bitter, he becomes a bounty hunter, a vocation that gives him access to classified information and a means to aggressively search for the people who set him up to fall. The character of Mace Griffin is being brought to life by hard rock front man, actor and spoken word artist, Henry Rollins. [Mumbo Jumbo]
MacGuffin,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Concrete Games,NaN
MacGuffin's Curse,PC,Adventure,73,7.8,NaN,Brawsome,MacGuffin’s Curse is a puzzle adventure game, from the team that developed Jolly Rover.
Machete,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,q-bit Games,NaN
Machina of the Planet Tree -Planet Ruler-,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Denneko Yuugi,Join Cram, Cronos, Retla, and Esty as they discover the secrets behind the great ruins that lie beneath their feet in this combo-based, action packed indie RPG.
Machinarium,PC,Adventure,85,8.8,NaN,Amanita Design,Machinarium is independent puzzle / adventure game developed by the makers of popular web-games Samorost and Samorost2. A little robot who’s been thrown out to the scrap yard behind the city must return and confront the Black Cap Brotherhood and save his robot-girl friend.
Machinations: Fog of War,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hosted Games,NaN
Machine Gun Train Run,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Party Robot Studio,NaN
Machine Hell,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nuclear Games LLC,Machine Hell is a vertically scrolling arcade style shooter in which you must save the Earth from mechanized alien invaders.
Machine Hunter,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Eurocom Entertainment Software,A mediocre shooter with repetitive and boring action.
Machine Learning: Episode I,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Singularity Lab,Machine Learning: Episode I is a first person arcade puzzle game built for HTC Vive. You play as an A.I. robot created in DARPA laboratory in the near future. One of the scientists is here to test your physical, perception and cognitive skills. By using the power of room-scale VR and Vive controllers, you will be solving a variety of unique puzzles.
Machine Runner,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,garry68,NaN
Machineers - Episode 1: Tivoli Town,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lohika Games,NaN
Machines,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Charybdis,This 3D real-time strategy game features enough dazzling visuals for several games of its type, but it's hampered by its been-there-done-that gameplay and poor unit intelligence.
Machines at War 3,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Isotope 244,Machines at War 3 is a real time strategy game featuring a 21 mission campaign, online multiplayer, and random map skirmishes. You play as a commander who is aided by a spunky officer named Samantha Vice.  She assists you in several missions trying to solve the mystery of why your country's secret research team named the Omicron Initiative has disappeared.
MachRace,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,enko,NaN
MacPool,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,baKno,MacPool is a simulation of Nine-Ball Billiards, in which you have to shoot the lowest ball on the table, and the one who pockets the nine-ball first wins.
Mactabilis,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Blazing Bit Games,NaN
MAD - Global Thermonuclear Warfare,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Small Rockets,MAD is reminiscent of classic board games, because of its simple dynamics, and of classic arcade games, because of its hectic pace.
Mad Bullets,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Istom Games Kft., isTom Games,NaN
Mad Caps,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,MumboJumbo,NaN
Mad Combat Marines,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,FreezeNova,NaN
Mad Doc Jr's Doom Rails,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E10+,DreamForge Intertainment,Doom Rails is a new fast-paced 3D Multi-player Vehicle Shooter Game where players battle against each other in selectable carts on twisted, run-down amusement park rides. Fans of battle-driving games such as Twisted Metal, Carmageddon, and Interstate '82 will enjoy playing Doom Rails.
Mad Dog McCree,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Digital Leisure Inc.,There's trouble in old Tuscon. Mad Dog McCree and his gang have kidnapped the town's Mayor and his daughter. To save the town, you will be challenged by a saloon full of outlaws, a hair-raising bank robbery, gunfighters, a slew of old West ambushes, and Mad Dog himself. Blaze your way into town and blast the desperadoes in a classic live-action shooting game!
Mad Father,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sen,Mad Father is back, in the latest updated version of the classic horror adventure game for PC. Get ready for blood, gore and insanity.
Mad Max,PC,Action,73,7.8,M,Avalanche Studios,Mad Max places players in the role of a lone warrior who must embark on a journey to reclaim his stolen interceptor from a deadly gang of marauders.
Mad Nords: Probably an Epic Quest (Ep. 1-2),PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dragon's Games,NaN
Mad Riders,PC,Driving,No score yet,7.0,E,Techland,Mad Riders, developed by Techland, will see players performing amazing aerial stunts and racing at breathtaking speeds on over 45 stunning tracks from all over the world. To gain the edge on the competition, players will need to use their Boost skill wisely and take advantage of shortcuts hidden in the tracks
Mad Riders - Daredevil Map Pack,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Techland,NaN
Mad Snowboarding,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Denis Lapiner,NaN
Mad Tracks,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Load Inc.,Mad Tracks is a Car Arcade Party Game. 100% party games (fun & frustration free). Pull back friction vehicles, Acrobatic Tracks. Easy handling, Rewarding gameplay. Multiplayer (split screen, Network, npc). 46 Challenges (23 Mini games, 23 races). 12 Pick ups and Power ups, 12 cars. Pull back friction engine. 'Nitro' Effect, Crazy overtaking. Spectacular jumps. [Load Inc]
Madagascar,PC,Action,73,7.7,E10+,Beenox,Based on the animated feature film from DreamWorks, Madagascar is the only game that lets players enter the world of four hilarious Central Park Zoo animals - a personality-packed crew made up of a lion, zebra, giraffe and hippo. Players must master each animal's natural skills while adventuring through the exciting city of New York and the dangerous island of Madagascar, interacting with other animals and tackling obstacles and enemies in scenarios from the movie and beyond. [Activision]
Madagascar Island Mania,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,Madagascar Island Mania is a kids game featuring characters from the movie and a variety of activities.
Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa,PC,Action,58,8.0,E10+,Aspyr,Join Alex the lion, Marty the Zebra, Melman the Giraffe, Gloria the Hippo and their entire madcap MadagascarTM crew on a whole new action-packed journey to save the African savannah in the Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa video game. Your favorite characters from Madagascar return and you can play them all! In addition to Alex, Marty, Gloria, and Melman, you also get to play as the crafty penguins, the wacky King Julien and new hippo character Moto Moto! Learn all the moves of each character and choose which character is best for the situation at hand. Adventure through 12 levels and 10 tournament mini-games from othe movie and beyond. Experience the characters, settings and situations established in Dreamworks Animation’s new Madagascar movie. Unique new environments include the Watering Hole, a free roaming area that’s been expanded for the game, the volcano and the plane wreck. Master new and expanded tournament mini-games including twice as much multiplayer action as the first Madagascar! [Activision]
Madballs in Babo: Invasion,PC,Action,79,8.8,NaN,Playbrains,Combat revolved! In Madballs in … Babo: Invasion, campaign across distant worlds either solo or with four-player online co-op, taking no prisoners in your wake. Challenge your friends (and your enemies) to see who's the baddest ball on the planet in no-holds-barred 16-player multiplayer arenas with freaky characters! Or really push your limits and try your hand at Invasion Mode where combatants create the very worlds where they wage war. Dozens of unique character classes, weapons, special abilities, worlds, unlocks, secrets, maps, and game modes give you limitless gameplay!
Madden NFL 06,PC,Sports,78,6.8,E,BudCat,With enhancements to the passing game, defensive improvements, and expanded online options, Madden NFL 06 takes you onto the field and into the locker room like never before. The new "QB Vision Control" lets you scan the field, look off defenders, and make perfect throws withing your quarterbacks unique field of vision. "QB Precision Placement" allows you to put the ball exactly where you want it. Lead the receiver to an open area, throw it behind him so he can come back to it or throw a jump ball and let him go get it. [Electronic Arts]
Madden NFL 07,PC,Sports,80,7.3,E,EA Tiburon,With the exclusive video game license of the NFL and its players, and currently in its 17th installment, Madden NFL 07 puts you in control the running game like never before. For the first time ever, step up as the lead blocker to create a hole, and then take control of the tailback and smash through, overpower, or slash away from would-be tacklers as you fight for every yard. Innovative rushing controls give you a game-breaking ground attack featuring all-new jukes, cutbacks, and the distinct running styles of your favorite backs. [Electronic Arts]
Madden NFL 08,PC,Sports,75,6.2,E,EA Tiburon,All-New Read & React System: New player skill icons identify on-field strengths and weaknesses, providing an immediate read on what your opponent is giving you. Quickly react, create mismatches, and exploit opponent weaknesses before every play. All-New Front Office Mode: Take full control of every aspect of an NFL franchise. Construct a state-of-the-art stadium, set concession prices, hire your coaching staff, draft players, and manage the entire operation from the top down to build your dynasty. Your Ring of a Champion: Increase your Madden Gamer Level to help create and customize your own in-game championship ring. Madden Unmatched: All-new player moves, including auto-motion, backward passes and low-hitting tackles, plus ultra-smooth gameplay provide the most realistic NFL gaming experience ever. Control receivers and make spectacular catches or key possession receptions, or roam the secondary and jar the ball loose with big hits and ball-stripping tackles. [EA Sports]
Madden NFL 2000,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,EA Tiburon,It demonstrates why the Madden series has remained on top for ten years - and also why its competitors think they can topple the mighty champion.
Madden NFL 2001,PC,Sports,78,5.8,E,EA Sports,Get ready for a dose of bone-crunching football action on the PlayStation 2 with Madden NFL 2001. Madden NFL 2001 features an all-new and exclusive NFL Coaches Club license, which means you'll see coaches on the sidelines and hear them yelling encouragement, comments and criticisms. Madden 2001 also features individualized details, easy-to-use interface, dynamically enhanced audio and play-by-play recorded with John Madden and his broadcast partner, Pat Summerall, and more!
Madden NFL 2002,PC,Sports,71,7.9,E,EA Sports,New physics, collision, time-of-day changes and a new graphics engine are a few of the additions to this EA staple which allows you to create your own team and go online to challenge other Madden-heads over the net.
Madden NFL 2003,PC,Sports,89,7.7,E,EA Sports,The Next Level of Online Play: Join EA SPORTS Online and play in Quick Tournaments, Two-Minute Drill mode and Mini-Camp Challenge with detailed stats. Audio Dream Team: Legendary announcer Al Michaels joins John Madden. Deepest Franchise Mode Ever: Play 30 years of Franchise mode and draft players each season with tips from your scouts. Create the Ultimate Online Hero: Take your created player online, earn points and spend them to customize accessories. New Enhanced Game Engine: Based on the same engine used in the console versions of Madden NFL 2003. [EA Sports]
Madden NFL 2004,PC,Sports,91,7.7,E,EA Tiburon,Key Features for 2004 include New Playmaker Control - Make pre-snap adjustments to your receiver routes, direct receiver routes during a scramble, direct blocking down field during a run, or read and react to the offense to deliver a crushing tackle; New Owner Mode - Hire your own staff, set your team's ticket prices, build your own stadium, reward key players with signing bonuses and boost player attributes in Mini-Camp drills; Most Realistic NFL Playbooks Ever -  Tons of new trick plays, multiple formation variations, and the deepest NFL playbooks from all 32 officially licensed Coaches Club Head Coaches; New Animations and Enhancements - New QB scramble transitions to improve throwing on the run, stumbles, open field blocks, whirlwind defensive reaction moves, sideline wrap tackles, and out of bound pushes. [Electronic Arts]
Madden NFL 2005,PC,Sports,85,6.4,E,BudCat,Force the action on defense in Madden NFL 2005. New defensive tools allow you to make more plays and be in on all of the action. The all-new Hit Stick lets you lay the big hit to turn the momentum of the game in your favor. Modify pre-snap assignments, including double teams and player-specific match ups, for any defensive player on the field. With the new Storyline Central, you get the inside scoop around the league from radio host Tony Bruno, along with local and national newspapers, to help you make critical franchise decisions. New Hit Stick ? Change the momentum of a game by using the right analog stick to make a huge hit, force a turnover, and send the crowd into a frenzy. Time it just right or you'll get burned for a big play. Enhanced Franchise Mode ? Players now react to everything that happens in the franchise?reward a hard-working player by naming him team captain or trade away unhappy players. The new game-by-game progression system rewards players for their performance during the season. Your team's crowd is now customizable with new Create-a-Fan. Be on the lookout for team-specific super fans via all-new 3D fan scenes. New EA SPORTS Online ? Take on the best Madden players in quick tournaments, or compete in a mini-game of Rushing Attack. Improved EA SPORTS Fair Play keeps the playing field level. [Electronic Arts]
Madden NFL 97,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,K-A,EA Sports,Madden NFL 97 is a fun football game, but doesn't make the top of the list as a football simulator.
Madden NFL 98,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,K-A,Stormfront Studios,There are some glitches and oversights scattered throughout the program, to be sure, but the fun to be had makes them easy to live with.
Madden NFL 99,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,EA Sports,This is unquestionably the best edition ever, with significant and welcome improvements in every conceivable category.
Made Man: Confessions of the Family Blood,PC,Action Adventure,40,5.7,M,Silverback Studios,Made Man is based on real-world events and will allow players to assume the role of Joey Verola as he is indoctrinated into the dark world of organized crime and relive his life - every moment, every kill - as he rises through the ranks to become a "Made Man". Game created in conjunction with David Fisher, an accomplished author and respected authority on the Mafia, who possesses unparalleled knowledge and access into the inner workings of organized crime; Authentic Mafia-inspired gameplay scenarios, including bookmaking, racketeering, loan sharking, hijacking, assassinations, numbers running and high body count family wars; Over 25 weapons to master, including a Beretta, shotgun, machine gun and more; Full complement of melee weapons - chairs, pool cues and balls, bats, telephones - in the environments that can be used to wreak havoc, unleash pain and gain respect; Human shield/disarm mechanics for taking cover and getting out of sticky situations; Picture in Picture system, providing the player with greater awareness of the in-game action; and 20 diverse and fully-deformable environments. [Acclaim]
Madness Cubed,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,nobodyshot,NaN
MadOut,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nuligine,NaN
MadOut Ice Storm,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nuligine,NaN
MadOut Open City,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nuligine,NaN
Madrobot X,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NetoX,NaN
Madspace,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Auric Vision,NaN
Maelstrom,PC,Strategy,58,6.4,T,KDV Games,Maelstrom takes place on the devastated future Earth of 2040 where an alien invasion has triggered an apocalyptic ecological disaster. In this savaged world water has become the most valuable of resources and divided the remaining humans into two factions. Now, they must wage war against the invaders and each other in a desperate struggle for supremacy and survival. Advancing the innovative gameplay mechanics of Perimeter into a contemporary sci-fi game with action packed tactical gameplay and outstanding features, including upgradeable transforming units. Depending on which of the three factions you choose to fight for, it's all-out destructive war as you battle for control of the entire planet against fearless aliens, an army of high-tech super soldiers and a rag tag crew of human survivors. [Codemasters]
Maestia: Rise of Keledus,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NaN,Maestia: Rise of Keledus is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game.
Maestro: Music of Death,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Big Fish Games,A mysterious illness has broken out and is causing an entire village to age rapidly and die! Meanwhile, ominous music can be heard wafting through the air Journey to the quarantined village and find the cause of the deadly disease in Maestro: Music of Death. While you search for the source, find a little girl, who is trapped in the town! Master this Hidden Object Puzzle Adventure game and save the entire village!
Mafia,PC,Action Adventure,88,9.1,M,Illusion Softworks,Mafia brings the 1930's underworld to life in this 3rd person 3D action game. Rise from the lowly but well-dressed footsoldier to the envied and feared Made Man in an era of big bands, zoot suits and Model T's. Take on the role of a hitman, enforcer, getaway driver and more in your struggle for respect, money and power within the Salieri Family. [Take 2]
Mafia II,PC,Action Adventure,77,7.9,M,2K Czech,Featuring a deep mobster-driven narrative packed with both behind-the-wheel and on-foot action, Mafia 2 is the sequel fans have been clamoring for. Like the original Mafia title, Mafia 2 immerses players in the mob underworld of a fictitious late 1940's-early 1950's scenario. Players easily become engaged in the game's cinematic Hollywood movie experience with strong, believable characters in a living, breathing city. [2K Games]
Mafia II: Jimmy's Vendetta,PC,Action Adventure,67,4.0,M,2K Czech,Meet Jimmy, in this new downloadable pack. A gun for hire, Jimmy helped clean up other people's messes until he was betrayed by the people who hired him. Now it's payback time. Many new city based missions and new locales give you plenty of reasons to head back to Empire Bay. For more replay action, work to outrank your friends as you rise up the leaderboard.
Mafia II: Joe's Adventures,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,5.6,M,2K Czech,Joe's Adventures offers an engaging narrative and allows players to explore new locations, including a train station, the cathouse, a boat yard, a seasonally changing lakefront and some never-before-seen buildings in Empire Bay. This exciting new chapter in the Mafia II saga includes new clothing, collectibles and even more classic 40's and 50's music. In addition to the story-based missions, Joe's Adventures opens up a slew of optional city-based quests packed with arcade action gameplay and a points-based system that allows players to move up the ranks on the online leaderboard through combos and multiplier bonuses. Deadly executions by head shot or charged explosives rack up points, and precision-timed vehicular power slides, lofty jumps and feats of supercharged speed maintain the adrenaline-charged fun for extensive replayability.
Mafia III,PC,Action Adventure,62,3.2,M,Hangar 13,In 1968, after years in Vietnam, Lincoln Clay knows this truth: Family isn't who you're born with, it's who you are willing to die for. Now back home, in a new New Orleans, Lincoln is dedicated to rebuilding his life, but established ties keep him from exiting the city. It'll take more than a few friends to make it in this new world. Intense gun fights, hand-to-hand combat, white knuckle driving and street smarts will all be required. But with the right crew, tough decisions and some dirty hands, it's possible to ascend to the top of the city's underworld. It's about time to create a new family. 
MAGATAMA Earrings,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TinyAssociatesBand,NaN
Magdalena,PC,Adventure,No score yet,6.0,NaN,Yellow Bun,NaN
Mage Knight: Apocalypse,PC,Role-Playing,47,5.8,T,InterServ International,A mysterious power has issued an ominous portent and the call has gone out for stalwart heroes from all reaches of the Land to battle against an army of pure evil. Leading this army is The Apocalypse Dragon, a seemingly unstoppable five headed juggernaut of destruction that has been reborn and set loose on an unprepared populace.  Taking the role of one of 5 characters, the player must band together with other legendary heroes to face this Dragon and defeat the forces of Chaos in the "Mage Knight" universe. Team dynamics are vital in Mage Knight Apocalypse, and players need to select their party carefully, combining melee, ranged and magical strikes in conjunction with overwhelming group combo attacks to triumph in battle. Players can quest alone or with friends in five-player cooperative and competitive play modes, working together or going head-to-head in the ultimate clash for battlefield supremacy.  Players can choose from five distinct character classes and customize them with hundreds of weapons, armor and items, equipping the right gear for each intense encounter.  Unlike other action RPGs, in Mage Knight Apocalypse, players have no need to worry about ability points or discreet levels to gain.  Instead, character development depends on what type of playing style the player enjoys.  Swinging a heavy sword makes you stronger, casting spells makes your magic more powerful, and shooting bows improve dexterity.  The skills players use and the way they use them determines how the character develops. [Namco]
Mage Tower,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Red Button Games,NaN
Magebane 2,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Instant Kingdom,NaN
MageSlayer,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,M,Raven Software,Raven Software's MageSlayer is a homage to top-down action games, specifically Atari's Gauntlet.
MageWorks,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Earthborn Interactive, LLC,NaN
MAGI,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TeeGee,MAGI is a real time strategy game for the PC and features RPG elements.
Magic & Mayhem,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.8,T,Mythos Games,The game features an excellent and robust spell system, but gameplay itself is chaotic, messy, and simple to a fault.
Magic & Mayhem: The Art of Magic,PC,Strategy,71,7.0,T,Charybdis,A unique blend of strategy, tactical combat, and role-playing brought to life with full 3D graphics and an epic storyline. As a Wizard, you have the power to conjure terrifying creatures and devastating spells against you opponent. Before each battle, you choose which spells you will bring with you, and then use the spells in real-time tactical combat against your opponent. [Bethesda Softworks]
Magic 2015 - Garruk's Revenge,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Wizards of the Coast,Walk in the footsteps of the Multiverse’s greatest hunter with Magic 2015—Garruk’s Revenge expansion, featuring additional campaign levels, and new cards to collect. Take on the role of Garruk and hunt your prey across the planes.
Magic Academy II,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nevosoft,Once again, trouble is brewing in the world of magic: A priceless treatise has gone missing and if it falls into the wrong hands, a demon that was banished long ago could be summoned from exile.
Magic Ball,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dream Dale,NaN
Magic Ball 2: New Worlds,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Dream Dale,Magic Ball 2 offers a pseudo-3D translation of the classic Atari game, Breakout. In this game, you slide a crossbow-shaped bumper along the bottom of a two- dimensional plane as you bounce a ball back into a playing field to break blocks.
Magic Barrage - Bitferno,PC,Massively Multiplayer Online,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gameguyz,NaN
Magic Book,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Magic Box,NaN
Magic Carpet 2: The Netherworlds,PC,Action,No score yet,6.8,NaN,Take-Two Interactive,This title is an excellent successor to Magic Carpet and guarantees plenty of frequent flyer miles for every would-be wizard.
Magic Duels: Origins,PC,Strategy,77,5.9,NaN,Stainless Games,Every origin
Magic Encyclopedia 2: Moonlight,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Vendel Games,NaN
Magic Encyclopedia Trilogy,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Viva Media, Viva Media, LLC,Within all the rich and detailed environments there are thousands of objects to seek and find. This Special Trilogy Edition includes Magic Encyclopedia First Story, Magic Encyclopedia Moonlight, and Magic Encyclopedia Illusions all for one incredible price! Magic Encyclopedia First Story takes you on a journey of magic and wonder as you guide a young lady on a quest to stop the manifestation of a terrible evil. As you search beautiful hand-painted scenes for hidden objects, solve cunning puzzles and enjoy delightful mini-games, you`ll move ever closer to the startling discovery at the end of the journey. In Magic Encyclopedia Moonlight, when Katarina and Rodger discover their favorite professor missing, they team up and embark on an adventure like no other. As these time travelers scour the globe for clues, they will be challenged with mini-games and confronted with tricky puzzles. Join Katarina and Rodger and move quickly to save their professor from the werewolf’s curse before the moon rises! What you see is not always what you get in Magic Encyclopedia Illusions, a hidden object adventure that adds an extra layer of visual trickery. When Katarina receives word of an attack on the Magic Academy, she sets out to save her school from a fate worse than foreclosure! Join her as she learns about The Illusionist, a wizard that's changed the appearance of countless objects around the world and is gathering an unstoppable army. To defeat her nemesis, Katarina will have to figure out how to see through his illusions and even switch back and forth between reality and deception to solve puzzles. If you're in the mood for a game that's both comfortably familiar and refreshingly new, look no further! Immerse yourself in this unique blending of adventure and hidden object action as you unravel the ancient secrets in each of these compelling mysteries. 
Magic Encyclopedia: First Story,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,Magic Encyclopedia: First Story takes you on a journey of magic and wonder as you guide a young lady on a quest to find her brother and stop the manifestation of a terrible evil. As you search beautiful hand-painted scenes for hidden objects, solve cunning puzzles and enjoy delightful mini-games, you`ll move ever closer to the startling discovery at the end of the journey. Hours of relaxing gameplay that will stimulate your mind and enchant your spirit lie ahead!TRY IT FREE, THEN UNLOCK THE FULL ADVENTURE FROM WITHIN THE GAME!????? Features ?????? Find extra hints hidden in secret spots? Keep your eyes open for enchanting crystals!? Travel between exciting locations to complete your searches? Enchanting imagery makes gameplay addicting!??? Discover more from Big Fish Games! ???We’re big believers that everyone is a gamer at heart and that games are a great source of joy and relaxation. Founded in 2002, Big Fish Games is a developer, publisher and distributor of casual games. We offer a virtually endless selection of interactive games that you can enjoy anytime, anywhere — on your PC, Mac, mobile phone, or tablet. Renowned for offering A New Game Every Day!® on www.bigfishgames.com, Big Fish Games distributes more than two million games per day worldwide.We have many other great iPhone games including:? Patchworkz? Turtle Isle? Haunted Hotel: Lonely Dream? Tiny Places? Dark Tales: Edgar Allan Poe’s Murder in the Rue Morgue Collector’s Edition? Secrets of the Dragon Wheel? Empress of the Deep II: Song of the Blue Whale? Empress of the Deep: The Darkest Secret? Redemption Cemetery: Curse of the Raven Collector’s Edition? Adventure Chronicles: The Search for Lost Treasure? Adventures of Robinson Crusoe? Nightmare Adventures: A Witch’s Prison? Nick Chase & the Deadly Diamond? Hidden Wonders of the Depths 2? Flux Family Secrets: The Ripple Effect? Secret Mission: The Forgotten Island? Amazon: Hidden Expedition *? Big City Adventure: New York CityYou can always find an updated list at www.bigfishgames.com!Try out Big Fish Games' iSplash! newsletter and never miss a sale or new game again! Sign up at: http://bigfi.sh/isplashFollow us on Twitter: http://bigfi.sh/BigFishTwitterBecome a fan on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/BigFishGamesMobile
Magic Flute,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,LabLike Sp. z o.o.,NaN
Magic Inlay,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,GameHouse,Magic Inlay is a shape-based puzzle game that feeds you a constant stream of polygons that you must then fit into a predetermined pattern on the screen.
Magic Match,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Mac Play, MacPlay,Journey through the magical Lands of Arcane in this rich puzzler. With your helpful imp, Giggles, by your side, explore over 100 levels of unique puzzling fun in six mystical realms. Or, challenge a friend to a challenge in the exciting Duel mode. Full of fascinating characters, strategic challenges, and a detailed storyline, Magic Match is the ultimate adventure for your brain.
Magic Match Adventures,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Oberon Media,NaN
Magic Meisters,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,QuickFixInc,NaN
N++,PC,Action,90,6.6,NaN,Metanet Software Inc.,N++ is a fast-paced, action-packed puzzle platformer set in the distant future. You play as a ninja, darting through obstacles, narrowly evading a slew of inadvertently homicidal enemy robots and collecting delicious gold in a minimalist, sci-fi world. N++ is all about smooth physics, deftly controlling the speed and inertia of the ninja,and the awesome feeling of fluidly moving through each level. It's bursting with hundreds of single player and multiplayer levels, each featuring a series of difficult challenges, diabolical traps and a distinct visual style to nimbly soar through. If that wasn't enough, the integrated level-editor allows you to make and share your levels with every other person on the planet.
N+,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Metanet Software Inc.,In a futuristic world of inadvertently homicidal robots, a daring ninja must use deft acrobatic skill and guts of steel to survive. N+ is a peerless action-puzzle platformer with more than 300 levels in which to hone your ninja reflexes, plus a built-in level editor for when you're hungry for more. N+ also features unique, physics-based controls, stylish graphics, unlimited lives, competitive and cooperative multiplayer, plenty of gold, and several flavors of sweet, sweet action.
N++,PC,Action,90,6.6,NaN,Metanet Software Inc.,N++ is a fast-paced, action-packed puzzle platformer set in the distant future. You play as a ninja, darting through obstacles, narrowly evading a slew of inadvertently homicidal enemy robots and collecting delicious gold in a minimalist, sci-fi world. N++ is all about smooth physics, deftly controlling the speed and inertia of the ninja,and the awesome feeling of fluidly moving through each level. It's bursting with hundreds of single player and multiplayer levels, each featuring a series of difficult challenges, diabolical traps and a distinct visual style to nimbly soar through. If that wasn't enough, the integrated level-editor allows you to make and share your levels with every other person on the planet.
N.E.O. Online,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sonov Entertainment,N.E.O. Online is an MMORPG available for download on the PC.
N.E.R.O.: Nothing Ever Remains Obscure,PC,Adventure,59,5.4,E,Storm in a Teacup,NERO is a first person adventure game based on puzzle solving and exploration. NERO is a wonderful journey in an magic world where a kid is the key to all locks and the nights is not as frightening as you could think. Play the role of this kid, followed by a mysterious black cloathed companion, discovering the truth behind this epic journey. Use the Sphere of Light to interact with the environment, explore and experience emotions and feelings that are uncommon in videogames, with a brand new next-generation visual novel reshaping the genre.
N2O: Nitrous Oxide,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Urbanscan,Take a deep breath and preapre to engage in an electrified tsunami of light. Colour and fortified funk, you are a tunnel runner screeching through the thirty levels of constantly morphing. Psychedelic dimension of N2O, lock down, power up and take the trip of a lifetime as you're fuelled by adrenaline and driven by instinct in this state-of-the-art 32 bit space shooter.
Nadirim,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Twisted Tribe,Nadirim is a free-to-play, browser-based, massively multiplayer online role playing game (MMORPG) placed in a fantasy world inspired by the tales of the Arabian Nights. Explore Nadirim and its unique world of Arabian myths and fables to immerse yourself in an online role playing experience that has never been brought to browser platforms before! The game takes the player into the world of the Arabian Nights, a world that is fictional in geographical and historical terms but incorporates the best known elements of Arabian fables and mythology like djinns, adventurous thieves, mysterious princesses, potions, alchemy, and ï¿½ of course ï¿½ heroes and villains.
Naev,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Naev Dev Team,NaN
NagiQ,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,IKIGames,NaN
NagiQ 2: Treasure Hunt,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,IKIGames,NaN
nail'd,PC,Driving,69,7.7,E10+,Techland,nail’d is all about eschewing boring realism for over the top arcade fun. It’s a racer that challenges everything from player reflexes through to the rules of physics. Riding on ATVs and motocross bikes with powerful boost controls, players will race down near-vertical courses of incredible jumps, stunts and obstacles. The brutal challenge of the Yosemite National Park is but one of the places they’ll learn the meaning of verticality.
NaissanceE,PC,Adventure Games,66,7.1,NaN,Limasse Five,NaissanceE is a first person exploration PC game developed on UDK by Limasse Five with the participation of Pauline Oliveros, Patricia Dallio and Thierry Zaboitzeff. The adventure takes place in a primitive mysterious structure and the game mainly consists to explore and feel the deep and strong ambiance of this atemporal world but platforming and puzzles areas will also enrich the experience. 
Naked War,PC,Strategy,83,tbd,NaN,The Pickford Brothers,Naked War is a light hearted, turn-based, battle game for two players, played on Windows PCs over email. Its a Community Messaging Game. Each game is played on an island where two squads of up to four soldiers battle each other for supremacy. The player takes the role of a military officer, issuing strategic commandings to his / her squad, then watching the resulting battle unfold. Games are started by players sending out Challenges to anybody they know - either exisiting Naked War players in their in-game address book, or real life friends or acquiantences via their email address list. Each player takes it in turn to plan the movement of their four units. Each unit is allowed up to seven 'moves' per turn, and can move, attack, enter buildings, drive tanks and other vehicles or use items, etc., each move. Once the player has set up all the moves for their four units, he / she clicks the send button, which sends an email to their opponent containing this turn (in the form of an attached file), then plays back the turn on their PC, showing both players the results of the planned moves. When a player receives a turn in their email Inbox, they simply double click the attachment to launch Naked War, which plays back the turn received then allows the player to set up their own turn in reply. Each soldier in the game starts with a 'doofer', but looses it to their attacker if the damage inflicted is great enough to 'demob' the soldier, losing their uniform and making them naked! The aim of the game is for one team to defeat the other by gaining control of all the doofers, and the winner is declared at the end of the turn where the last doofer changes hands. Each turn is played offline at whatever time is convenient to the player. There is no need for both players to be on-line at the same time, or playing at the same time. Turns can be replied to instantly, during lunchtime, or at the end of the day, or they can wait in your Inbox for days until the you are ready to respond. The average turns take only a few minutes to set up and play back, and a game can take anything from as little as 10 turns, up to 50 or more before there is a winner, depending on the complexity of the map and the relative skill of the players involved. [The Pickford Brothers]
NAM,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,GT Interactive, TNT Team,NAM strives to deliver the fun and intensity of a first-person action game and the realism of a simulation - and because of that indecision it ultimately fails on both counts.
Namariel Legends: The Iron Lord,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Shaman Games,In this adventure quest game player will need to sneak into the citadel of cruel Iron Lord and rid invaded land of Namariel from tyrant after escaping from air prison, revealing the secret of Iron Lord and rescuing legitimate King and Queen of Namariel.
Namco All-Stars: Pac-Man and Dig Dug,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Namco Networks America,NaN
Namco Museum 50th Anniversary,PC,Miscellaneous,52,tbd,E10+,Namco,It's party time! Namco is celebrating 50 years of bringing you the greatest games on the planet by releasing the biggest and best compilation of time-honored, all-star arcade classics. Namco Museum 50th Anniversary features 14 of the most treasured Namco original games in arcade history wrapped up in a retro-cool menu interface that allows you to explore a virtual arcade and dominate your favorite games. Relive your arcade years and rock out to a cool 80's soundtrack that takes you back to glory days of arcade gaming and this time...leave your quarters at home. 14 Classic Arcade Games Include: Pac-Man, Ms. Pac-Man, Galaga, Galaxian, Dig Dug, Pole Position, Pole Position II, Rolling Thunder, Rally X, Bosconian, Dragon Spirit, Sky Kid, Xevious, Mappy. Sky Kid and Rolling Thunder are two new titles new to Namco Museum. [Namco]
Nameless ~The one thing you must recall~,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cheritz,NaN
Nancy Drew Collector's Edition Fan Favorites,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,NaN
Lamia's Game Room,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Digital Crafter,NaN
Lance A Lot,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Rocket Hammer,RUIN FRIENDSHIPS. ON ROCKETS. Challenge your friends to a tournament of rocket jousting. Up to 4 players can fight each other locally – but only one will be left standing when the dust settles. 
LOCO: Land of Chaos Online,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Danal,LOCO features a roster of 30 unique characters from competing factions that include the Army of Hell and the Forces of Nature. Hulking warriors, evil magicians, giant monsters, and agile gunslingers all stand ready to join the fight, and each one brings a distinct set of strengths and weaknesses to the battlefield. Whether players are tearing through minions to reach a towering boss, destroying enemy camps to clear the map of opponents, or taking on another team in a guild battle, joining up with the right combination of characters is the key to victory in the Land of Chaos.
Land of Legends,PC,Strategy,70,tbd,NaN,Tiny Hero Game Studios,Land of Legends is a turn-based fantasy strategy game where eight unique races vie for supremacy using a combination of cold steel and hot magic. Players will have to use their wits and each race's special abilities to bring defeat to the forces of darkness plaguing the lands in the thirty-two mission campaign. The game doesn't end with Evil's defeat though, as a built-in matchmaking service allows infinite replayability by giving players the chance to play against live opponents around the globe. [Shrapnel Games]
Land of the Dead: Road to Fiddler's Green,PC,Action,36,6.6,M,Brainbox Games,Prepare for the Horror... A horrific plague breaks out and mobs of zombies are roaming throughout the tri-state area, killing people at random. You play Jack, a simple farmer who must rise beyond fear, and battle your way through hordes of terrifying undead who are bent on spreading the zombie plague. You encounter a mysterious man named Mr. Kaufman who has established Fiddler's Green, a fortified city, which holds the last of the living. He has offered you a special job, with an exceptional reward. An offer too good to turn down, but will you live long enough to reap the rewards? Based on the George A. Romero film, "Land of the Dead." [Groove Games]
Land's End,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,ustwo,Land's End is a VR adventure from the creators of Monument Valley . Set against spectacular landscapes, the player is tasked with awakening an ancient civilization using the powers of their mind. Land's End combines ustwo games’ approach to interactive storytelling with Samsung Gear VR, creating a virtual reality experience that you can take anywhere.
Lander,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Psygnosis,The single-thruster craft, while perfect for games about landing on the moon, is wholly unsuited to the precision indoor combat maneuvers simulated in Lander.
Lands Of Devastation,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Rai Studio Games,NaN
Lands of Hope Redemption,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Regal Computer Services,Lands of Hope Redemption is a 2D RPG with MMORPG elements, played with hundreds and even thousands of your friends OR simply played as a lone wolf. At the start of the game you are free to choose one of our template classes or build your own class and be unique.
Lands of Lore III,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.3,T,Westwood Studios,Simplistic gameplay, barren environments, a dated graphics engine, and horrible artificial intelligence collectively make Lands of Lore III an unsatisfying experience.
Lands of Lore: Guardians of Destiny,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.1,NaN,Westwood Studios,It is a remarkable achievement and a game that many will savor and struggle with for weeks and weeks.
Landstalker: The Treasures of King Nole,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,E,Sega,You are Nigel, an elf and treasure hunter extraordinaire.
Lantern Forge,PC,Action,No score yet,6.9,NaN,Hearthfire Studios,A sandbox survival game with building, crafting, and RPG elements. Mine and forage for resources to build a home, plant crops, and craft weapons and armor. Then venture out to explore the wilderness, find hidden dungeons and temples, fight unique monsters, and collect the treasures they guard. 
Lapis Gunner,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hentai Industries,NaN
Lapland Solitaire,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lemon Moose,NaN
Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light,PC,Action Adventure,82,8.1,T,Crystal Dynamics, Nixxes Software,Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light is the first ever downloadable, co-op action/adventure game featuring Lara Croft. This brand extension incorporates the hallmarks of the Tomb Raider franchise including exploration, discovery, platforming, and puzzle solving. Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light allows players to experience Lara Croft from an isometric viewpoint, and combines new gameplay features such as character progression, fun fast-paced combat, and elements of cooperation and competition. Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light will be available to download this summer.
Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light: A Hazardous Reunion,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Crystal Dynamics,Four new challenge maps featuring mind-boggling puzzles, waves of intense combat action, and a fiery reunion with an old friend.
Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light: All the Trappings,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Crystal Dynamics,Four new challenge maps filled with hordes of undead enemies and devious traps you must maneuver and exploit to survive.
Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light: Things That Go Boom,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Crystal Dynamics,Four new explosive challenge maps featuring a variety of tense puzzles, deadly traps, and relentless combat encounters.
Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris,PC,Action,73,5.4,T,Nixxes Software,Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is the sequel to Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light. In her new adventure, Lara Croft travels to Egypt and realized she must join forces with rival treasure hunter Carter Bell and imprisoned gods Horus and Isis to defeat the evil god Set. Featuring a 4-player co-op story, players must work together to explore the temple, defeat hordes of enemies from the Egyptian underworld, solve devious puzzles, and avoid deadly traps. At the same time, players compete for treasure, powerful artifacts, and ultimate bragging rights. 
Lara Croft GO,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Square Enix Montreal,NaN
Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness,PC,Action Adventure,49,6.4,T,Core Design Ltd.,A series of grisly murders brings Lara into conflict with a sinister Alchemist from the past, and a secret alliance of powerful individuals shrouded in mystery.  At the center of these mysteries are the Obscura Paintings - five 14th century pieces of art that the Alchemist is desperate to repossess.  Accused of the murder of her one time mentor, Werner Von Croy, Lara becomes a fugitive on the run. Pursued by the police, she follows the Alchemist into a dark world of blood, betrayal and vengeance where it is up to her to defeat this unholy alliance, and stop them from unleashing their incredible powers on the world. [Eidos Interactive]
Laraan,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Flynn's Arcade,NaN
Lariad,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,snauts,NaN
Larry Bond's Harpoon - Commanders Edition,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Matrix Games,Larry Bond's Harpoon - Commanders Edition is the latest addition to the longstanding naval warfare simulation series that has brought dozens of awards and accolades from gamers and military personnel alike over the course of more than a decade. Like its predecessors, Larry Bond's Harpoon - Commanders Edition allows players to assume the role of a fleet commander, making the same type of decisions he has to make, using the same type and quality of information he might expect to get in wartime.
Larry Ragland 4x4 Challenge,PC,Driving,51,tbd,E,Xpiral,Mix one part dirt and mud, 2 parts gasoline burnin’ speed, and 3 parts bare knuckle adrenaline and you get the most exhilarating indoor racer. [Xicat Interactive]
Larva Mortus,PC,Action,64,7.4,NaN,Rake in Grass,At the end of 19th Century, dark forces shade the world once again. A brave agent, experienced in exorcism and combat, comes to face the oncoming evil, and fight loathsome supernatural monsters and horrific spawns of black magic. It's your quest, to combat evil forces and to face a dark warlock of the ancient times and stop his plan to capture powerful artifact of black magic. Larva Mortus is an action horror game that has you hunting monsters of the supernatural in a dark and ominous atmosphere full of undead, terrifying and demonic nightmares. In the game as the role of the agent you will go through many action packed monster hunting missions on your way to defeat the unholy forces. Larva Mortus offers fast and entertaining monster-hunting game play. A horrific atmosphere goes hand in hand with furious action packed splatter fest. Everything accompanied by creepy, first class soundtrack! [Meridian4]
Las Vegas Tycoon,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,Be the kingpin behind a Las Vegas casino, working up from modest locations to mega resort hotels.
Laser Disco Defenders,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Out of Bounds,NaN
Laser Dolphin,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dingo Games,Play as a dolphin with a frickin' laser on its head... while attempting to save the Prime Minister, and battling with missle-launching fish and dangerous sharks!   Did we mention the laser?
Laser Lasso BALL,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,RagTagRadical,NaN
Laser Squad Nemesis,PC,Strategy,73,7.3,T,Codo Games,A new two player, squad level, email strategy game designed by the creators of the award winning X-Com series of games. You can play anyone, anywhere in the world, as long as they have an email address. The game engine is a unique combination of turn-based control and real-time action with video style playback of all your battles. The email system allows you to play the game at your own pace, and play as many games concurrently as you can manage. The game is a battle between three opposing forces. You can choose to play the Laser Marines, Machina or Spawn, and you can choose the composition of your force before each battle. There are a large variety of battlefields (over 30) and two different scenario types. [Codo Games]
LaserCat,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,MonsterJail,NaN
Laserlife,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Choice Provisions,Remember what it means to be a human in this interactive biography of a dead astronaut found in deep space by future intelligences who have no concept of humankind. 
Last Call!,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Cutler Creative,Last Call is a fast-paced, entertaining, and humorous game for adults that can teach the casual player some fun drink recipes.
Last Chaos,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.6,NaN,T-Entertainment,Last Chaos is an on-line role playing game where thousands of players can simultaneously be connected, fight and upgrade their courage and battle skills through adventures, quests and crafting skills with fellow adventurers. It is set in the land of Iris, a place where anarchy, terror and ambition reign after an epic struggle between the Gods
Last Days,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,CrackedGhostGames,NaN
Last Days of Spring Visual Novel,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sapphire Dragon Productions,Last Days of Spring is a YA (Young Adult) Otome Visual Novel following a group of high school seniors in their last week of school as they come to terms with questions about love, life and destiny.
Last Dream,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.3,NaN,White Giant RPG Studios,An Incredible Storyline...
Last Half of Darkness: Beyond the Spirit's Eye,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,T,WRF Studios,A new story is born from the shadows of darkness, revealing a twisted tale of terror in which the souls of an entire town are governed by an ancient black jewel known only as the "Eye."
Last Half of Darkness: Society of The Serpent Moon,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,WRF Studios,NaN
Last Half of Darkness: Tomb of Zojir,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,WRF Studios,The darkness has descended upon Louisiana, where the treasures from the gypsy's lair are still hidden, when a mysterious book is found in the tiny town of Shadowcrest. Perhaps a book that should never have been opened. A book with pages that chart the passage to the Isle of the Dead...
Last Heroes,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warfare Studios,Join 4 warriors in a incredible adventure about friendship, dreams and destiny!
Last Heroes 2,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warfare Studios,Amelia and Roland are headed to Odaro continent, where Amelia thinks she will find her parents and discover the truth about her past... However, reaching Odaro they realize that it won't be an easy task. They join forces with Lutania Army, a group of soldiers that are fighting against Illion.
Last Heroes 3,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warfare Studios,Amelia and Roland are headed to Memato continent, where they think Baroda Prison is located, the place where her mother is being held captive. Will they manage to free her? You must help them in this very dangerous and amusing journey!
Last Heroes 4,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warfare Studios,The finale to the Last Heroes Saga!
Last Hope - Tower Defense,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,JE Software,NaN
Last Horizon,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,PixelJam Games,NaN
Last Inua,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Glowforth,Last Inua tells the tale of an Inuit family’s fight for survival in the harsh elements of the mythical Arctic. The Tonrar, a demonic trickster, has awoken in the arctic. 
Last Knight,PC,Action,No score yet,7.9,NaN,Davision,NaN
Last Knight: Rogue Rider Edition,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Toco Games,Last Knight is a genre mix that combines platforming, action-packed riding and ragdoll physics driven jousting. It is fast-paced action in a never ending randomly generated Unreal Engine powered fantasy world.
Last March of the Dodos,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,UGF,NaN
Last Sam Standing,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Big-O,NaN
Last Will,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lizard Factory,Last Will is a reverse Escape Room game, where you need to get into the center of a grand old mansion, made by a eccentric and paranoid old professor. 
Last Word,PC,Role-Playing,67,8.4,NaN,Twelve Tiles,In a society where having the last word means having power over others, a small party is disrupted by a gentleman who politely issues orders via one-way intercom. 
LASTFIGHT,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Piranaking,LASTFIGHT is bringing 2v2 3D fighting back to your living room! Pick up any available object in one of the 8 stages and teach your opponents a lesson! Play in local multiplayer mode, for up to 4 players, or one-player story mode, with a cast of 10 characters inspired by the comic book LASTMAN. 
LaTale,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,4.8,NaN,Actoz Soft,In this tale, though, the story of adventure and discovery that unfolds all revolves around you. The word "La" is a bit trickier. La is a word, but it is also a musical note and much more. Likewise, La Tale is rich with beautiful music, art, and storytelling.
Laura Jones and the Gates of Good and Evil,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nevosoft,NaN
Laura Jones and the Secret Legacy of Nikola Tesla,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Astar Games,NaN
Lavapools,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,4EdgesGames,NaN
Law & Order II: Double or Nothing,PC,Adventure,74,6.0,T,Legacy Interactive,Law & Order 2: Double or Nothing introduces an all-new story and challenges you to be both Criminal Investigator and District Attorney as you bring a killer to justice! Partner with Detective Lennie Briscoe to investigate the death of a scientist found shot in midtown Manhattan. Interview witnesses, interrogate suspects, gather evidence and order lab tests as you unravel entangled love affairs, financial misdeeds and secret identities. Arrest the right murder suspect and test your prosecution powers as you build your case with Assistant D.A. Serena Southerlyn. A successful conviction is up to you! [Vivendi Universal]
Law & Order: Criminal Intent,PC,Adventure,56,6.3,M,Legacy Interactive,Debuting for the first time as a PC game is Law & Order: Criminal Intent. A different game engine from the previous Law & Order games, Law & Order: Criminal Intent lets the player take on the role of Detective Robert Goren (Vincent D'Onofrio) and experience the game from a third person point of view. With multiple cases to solve, the player will investigate crime scenes, search for valuable evidence and interview witnesses and suspects. Law & Order: Criminal Intent offers the player an innovative and psychologically oriented interview technique, to help with breaking down potential suspects. Innovative puzzles ranging from easy to mind-bending are woven into the compelling storyline. Before solving each case, the player must build a profile based on real-life criminal profiling techniques to help track down the killers. [Legacy Interactive]
Law & Order: Dead on the Money,PC,Adventure,70,8.7,T,Legacy Interactive,Join the Law & Order team in this exciting 3-D mystery game based on an original, complex murder case. Partner with Detective Lennie Briscoe to collect evidence and interview witnesses. Once you've arrested the killer, work with Serena Southerlyn to build a compelling case that will convince the jury to return a guilty verdict. [Legacy Interactive]
Law & Order: Justice Is Served,PC,Adventure,77,7.5,T,Legacy Interactive,In Law & Order: Justice is Served, players are assigned to a murder case involving twenty-year-old tennis sensation, Elena Kusarova, whose body was discovered the day before the start of the U.S. Open. Players will need to search the crime scene, analyze evidence, solve puzzles, interrogate suspects and make arrests alongside Detectives Lennie Briscoe and Ed Green. After a suspect is in custody, the player will need to put a compelling case together with A.D.A. Serena Southerlyn in order to convince the jury to return a guilty verdict. New features for this third installment in the Law & Order game franchise include a new character from the TV show, Detective Ed Green; a re-designed, more intuitive interface; increased interactivity and flexibility with more characters and locations; improved performance; and unlockable bonus content from the actors on the show. With many more interviews and clever puzzles seamlessly integrated into the storyline, this third installment promises to be an even longer, more fulfilling gameplaying experience than the previous versions. [Legacy Interactive]
Law & Order: Legacies,PC,Miscellaneous,53,7.5,NaN,Telltale Games,In Law & Order: Legacies players will take on the roles of both investigator and district attorney as they hit the streets to gather evidence and then enter the court room to prosecute the case. As in every episode of the Law & Order series, choice and morality are key factors and every decision made throughout Law & Order: Legacies will affect the outcome and can lead to multiple endings for each case.
Lawnmower Racing Mania 2007,PC,Driving,No score yet,8.6,E,eV Interactive,Lawnmower Racing Mania 2007 is a racing game which features 18 themed tracks, customizable mowers and is licenced by the U.S. Lawn Mower Racing Association.
Laxius Force - Heroes Never Die,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.9,NaN,Aldorlea Games,Laxius Force is the story of Random and Sarah, a young couple that finds itself engulfed in a war against the Order, a powerful and dangerous organisation whose goal is to take control of the world. Meet Brussian, Wendala, Marion and their many other friends as they join the adventure for the only purpose to defend Adretana, a town that happens to be the next target of the Order's plans. Laxius Force is an epic, addicting RPG at the crossroads of games like Baldur Gate and the old Final Fantasy and Dragon Quest. If any of those are among your favorite games, then you should definitely give a try to Laxius Force. [Aldorlea Games]
Laxius Force II - The Queen of Adretana,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.9,NaN,Aldorlea Games,In this new adventure you will find dozens of hours of gameplay, more than 20 characters, countless monsters, items and quests as you follow the road of Half-Goddess Luciana and her many friends.
Laxius Force III - The Last Stand,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,9.0,NaN,Aldorlea Games,42 playable characters will make this epic adventure possible, in over 150 quests, all contributing to create an addictive and spectacular RPG experience lasting well over 100 hours of playtime!
Laxius Power III,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Aldorlea Games,NaN
Layers of Fear,PC,Adventure,72,7.9,NaN,Bloober Team,Layers of Fear is a psychedelic horror where you take control over an insane painter in his quest to finish his magnum opus.
Layers of Fear: Inheritance,PC,Adventure,70,8.2,M,Bloober Team,NaN
Layers of Fear: Masterpiece Edition,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Bloober Team,Layers of Fear: Masterpiece Edition includes both Layers of Fear and the Inheritance DLC in a single, horror-filled package.
Lazerbait,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Taylor Stapleton,NaN
Lazors,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Pyrosphere,*** Major update to Lazors! New version 2.0 ***Lazors is a puzzle game of lasers and mirrors offering more than a hundred levels, ranging from easy distractions to hard challenges.+ 120 levels+ Intuitive gameplay+ Hint system+ Retina Display graphics+ Universal: iPod, iPhone and iPad+ Game Center achievementsMove blocks, reflect the laser, hit all targets!
Lazors & Asteroids,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,LethalHax,NaN
Le Havre: The Inland Port,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,DIGIDICED,In the award-winning board game, Le Havre: The Inland Port, you and your opponent compete in order to amass the most wealth by building up the iconic French port of Le Havre. The game can be played locally against the computer, in hot-seat mode or online -- competing against friends or global players in order to advance in the rankings. Drop in and out of play anytime and play an unlimited amount of games with your friends simultaneously, whenever you want.
Le Mans 24 Hours,PC,Driving,60,tbd,E,Atari,Race over 70 licensed cars including 30 new vehicles from the Le Mans 2000 Race. Blast through 12 real-world tracks. 24 hours of intense action with unique Day-to-Night-to-Day racing: endure real-time weather and surface effects for ultimate realism. Fully immersive environments including new animated drivers and pit crew, advanced AI, new car settings and real-time lighting. Compete in 5 challenging game modes and experience the new Le Mans 2000 Race. [Infogrames]
Lead and Gold: Gangs of the Wild West,PC,Action,70,8.4,M,Fatshark AB,Lead and Gold: Gangs of the Wild West is a third person shooter delivering an intense team based multiplayer experience. Relive the violent era of the Wild West as it ought to be with adrenaline fueled action and fast paced gunfights. Fight gritty battles in beautifully rendered classic western settings. Test your mettle in genre specific game modes and levels tailor-made for satisfying team play. Lead and Gold features the unique Synergy system, a power up system encouraging co-operation and team tactics. The Synergy system permeates the frantic shooter gameplay and rewards the player for objective oriented gameplay. [Paradox Interactive]
Leadfoot,PC,Driving,69,7.6,E,Ratbag,Ratbag, the developers of the "Dirt Track Racing" series, brings us their latest budget-priced short-track racer (a first for the PC) which features 8 different vehicles, 12 custom tracks, and realistic vehicle damage physics.  Racers compete for prize money and sponsorship cash to throw back into car improvements in the career mode.
League of Angels,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,2.1,NaN,GTArcade,NaN
M.A.R.S. - A Ridiculous Shooter,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,M.A.R.S. Core Team,NaN
M.A.X. 2,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,Flat Cat,There's no denying that M.A.X.2 has all the ingredients of a great game, but strange quirks in the game engine and some downright bugs prevent it from reaching its full potential.
M.A.X.: Mechanized Assault & Exploration,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.8,NaN,Interplay,Command & Conquer,  move over.  M.A.X. does it better.
M.C.Escher's Snowboard Throwdown,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sockseven,NaN
M.EXE,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Pedro Zea,NaN
M.I.N.E.,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,WeaponOwl,NaN
M.U.D. TV,PC,Strategy,53,4.3,T,Realmforge Studios,Create your own crazy TV station and take it all the way to the top of the rankings. Fight for 8 different viewer groups and show your competitors who’s boss.
M1 Tank Platoon II,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,T,Atari,M1 Tank Platoon II is still an extremely well-done and researched simulation, and is almost worthy of the name.
M4 Tank Brigade,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,iEntertainment Network,NaN
M4: Operation Tiger Hunt,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Digital Fusion Inc.,With the M4 Sherman tank as your armor, you must storm the continent of Europe during World War II. It's your job to seek out and destroy Germany's greatest tanks, including Tigers, Panthers, and Hummels, as they hide, maneuver, and engage you in fierce firefights. Each military vehicle is historically accurate and capable of causing big explosions. The sounds of war come to life as you blast through multiple levels filled with villages, forests, and fields.
Mabinogi,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.4,NaN,devCAT,With more than seven million players in Asia alone, gamers have been highly anticipating the North American launch. Now, casual and core gamers alike have the opportunity to discover the world of Mabinogi. Without spending a dime, adventurers will find more dungeons with dangerous monsters. Players can equip avatars with innovative items, like kite shields and crossbows. Those who don't want to fight will appreciate learning the latest skills – either through new skill books or practice. And if a player wants to take it easy but doesn't have a nearby body of water, they can go fishing in Mabinogi. [Nexon]
Macabre,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,MOCBJ Software,NaN
Mace Griffin Bounty Hunter,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Warthog,Against a futuristic backdrop of corporate, religious and political intrigue, players will take up the quest of Mace Griffin, once a valued member of an elite police force, The Rangers. Griffin becomes the unsuspecting pawn in a sabotaged incident that kills his comrades and disbands the Rangers, and earns him a 10-year stint behind bars. Emerging from prison hardened and bitter, he becomes a bounty hunter, a vocation that gives him access to classified information and a means to aggressively search for the people who set him up to fall. The character of Mace Griffin is being brought to life by hard rock front man, actor and spoken word artist, Henry Rollins. [Mumbo Jumbo]
MacGuffin,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Concrete Games,NaN
MacGuffin's Curse,PC,Adventure,73,7.8,NaN,Brawsome,MacGuffin’s Curse is a puzzle adventure game, from the team that developed Jolly Rover.
Machete,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,q-bit Games,NaN
Machina of the Planet Tree -Planet Ruler-,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Denneko Yuugi,Join Cram, Cronos, Retla, and Esty as they discover the secrets behind the great ruins that lie beneath their feet in this combo-based, action packed indie RPG.
Machinarium,PC,Adventure,85,8.8,NaN,Amanita Design,Machinarium is independent puzzle / adventure game developed by the makers of popular web-games Samorost and Samorost2. A little robot who’s been thrown out to the scrap yard behind the city must return and confront the Black Cap Brotherhood and save his robot-girl friend.
Machinations: Fog of War,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hosted Games,NaN
Machine Gun Train Run,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Party Robot Studio,NaN
Machine Hell,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nuclear Games LLC,Machine Hell is a vertically scrolling arcade style shooter in which you must save the Earth from mechanized alien invaders.
Machine Hunter,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Eurocom Entertainment Software,A mediocre shooter with repetitive and boring action.
Machine Learning: Episode I,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Singularity Lab,Machine Learning: Episode I is a first person arcade puzzle game built for HTC Vive. You play as an A.I. robot created in DARPA laboratory in the near future. One of the scientists is here to test your physical, perception and cognitive skills. By using the power of room-scale VR and Vive controllers, you will be solving a variety of unique puzzles.
Machine Runner,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,garry68,NaN
Machineers - Episode 1: Tivoli Town,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lohika Games,NaN
Machines,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Charybdis,This 3D real-time strategy game features enough dazzling visuals for several games of its type, but it's hampered by its been-there-done-that gameplay and poor unit intelligence.
Machines at War 3,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Isotope 244,Machines at War 3 is a real time strategy game featuring a 21 mission campaign, online multiplayer, and random map skirmishes. You play as a commander who is aided by a spunky officer named Samantha Vice.  She assists you in several missions trying to solve the mystery of why your country's secret research team named the Omicron Initiative has disappeared.
MachRace,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,enko,NaN
MacPool,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,baKno,MacPool is a simulation of Nine-Ball Billiards, in which you have to shoot the lowest ball on the table, and the one who pockets the nine-ball first wins.
Mactabilis,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Blazing Bit Games,NaN
MAD - Global Thermonuclear Warfare,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Small Rockets,MAD is reminiscent of classic board games, because of its simple dynamics, and of classic arcade games, because of its hectic pace.
Mad Bullets,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Istom Games Kft., isTom Games,NaN
Mad Caps,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,MumboJumbo,NaN
Mad Combat Marines,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,FreezeNova,NaN
Mad Doc Jr's Doom Rails,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E10+,DreamForge Intertainment,Doom Rails is a new fast-paced 3D Multi-player Vehicle Shooter Game where players battle against each other in selectable carts on twisted, run-down amusement park rides. Fans of battle-driving games such as Twisted Metal, Carmageddon, and Interstate '82 will enjoy playing Doom Rails.
Mad Dog McCree,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Digital Leisure Inc.,There's trouble in old Tuscon. Mad Dog McCree and his gang have kidnapped the town's Mayor and his daughter. To save the town, you will be challenged by a saloon full of outlaws, a hair-raising bank robbery, gunfighters, a slew of old West ambushes, and Mad Dog himself. Blaze your way into town and blast the desperadoes in a classic live-action shooting game!
Mad Father,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sen,Mad Father is back, in the latest updated version of the classic horror adventure game for PC. Get ready for blood, gore and insanity.
Mad Max,PC,Action,73,7.8,M,Avalanche Studios,Mad Max places players in the role of a lone warrior who must embark on a journey to reclaim his stolen interceptor from a deadly gang of marauders.
Mad Nords: Probably an Epic Quest (Ep. 1-2),PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dragon's Games,NaN
Mad Riders,PC,Driving,No score yet,7.0,E,Techland,Mad Riders, developed by Techland, will see players performing amazing aerial stunts and racing at breathtaking speeds on over 45 stunning tracks from all over the world. To gain the edge on the competition, players will need to use their Boost skill wisely and take advantage of shortcuts hidden in the tracks
Mad Riders - Daredevil Map Pack,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Techland,NaN
Mad Snowboarding,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Denis Lapiner,NaN
Mad Tracks,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Load Inc.,Mad Tracks is a Car Arcade Party Game. 100% party games (fun & frustration free). Pull back friction vehicles, Acrobatic Tracks. Easy handling, Rewarding gameplay. Multiplayer (split screen, Network, npc). 46 Challenges (23 Mini games, 23 races). 12 Pick ups and Power ups, 12 cars. Pull back friction engine. 'Nitro' Effect, Crazy overtaking. Spectacular jumps. [Load Inc]
Madagascar,PC,Action,73,7.7,E10+,Beenox,Based on the animated feature film from DreamWorks, Madagascar is the only game that lets players enter the world of four hilarious Central Park Zoo animals - a personality-packed crew made up of a lion, zebra, giraffe and hippo. Players must master each animal's natural skills while adventuring through the exciting city of New York and the dangerous island of Madagascar, interacting with other animals and tackling obstacles and enemies in scenarios from the movie and beyond. [Activision]
Madagascar Island Mania,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,Madagascar Island Mania is a kids game featuring characters from the movie and a variety of activities.
Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa,PC,Action,58,8.0,E10+,Aspyr,Join Alex the lion, Marty the Zebra, Melman the Giraffe, Gloria the Hippo and their entire madcap MadagascarTM crew on a whole new action-packed journey to save the African savannah in the Madagascar: Escape 2 Africa video game. Your favorite characters from Madagascar return and you can play them all! In addition to Alex, Marty, Gloria, and Melman, you also get to play as the crafty penguins, the wacky King Julien and new hippo character Moto Moto! Learn all the moves of each character and choose which character is best for the situation at hand. Adventure through 12 levels and 10 tournament mini-games from othe movie and beyond. Experience the characters, settings and situations established in Dreamworks Animation’s new Madagascar movie. Unique new environments include the Watering Hole, a free roaming area that’s been expanded for the game, the volcano and the plane wreck. Master new and expanded tournament mini-games including twice as much multiplayer action as the first Madagascar! [Activision]
Madballs in Babo: Invasion,PC,Action,79,8.8,NaN,Playbrains,Combat revolved! In Madballs in … Babo: Invasion, campaign across distant worlds either solo or with four-player online co-op, taking no prisoners in your wake. Challenge your friends (and your enemies) to see who's the baddest ball on the planet in no-holds-barred 16-player multiplayer arenas with freaky characters! Or really push your limits and try your hand at Invasion Mode where combatants create the very worlds where they wage war. Dozens of unique character classes, weapons, special abilities, worlds, unlocks, secrets, maps, and game modes give you limitless gameplay!
Madden NFL 06,PC,Sports,78,6.8,E,BudCat,With enhancements to the passing game, defensive improvements, and expanded online options, Madden NFL 06 takes you onto the field and into the locker room like never before. The new "QB Vision Control" lets you scan the field, look off defenders, and make perfect throws withing your quarterbacks unique field of vision. "QB Precision Placement" allows you to put the ball exactly where you want it. Lead the receiver to an open area, throw it behind him so he can come back to it or throw a jump ball and let him go get it. [Electronic Arts]
Madden NFL 07,PC,Sports,80,7.3,E,EA Tiburon,With the exclusive video game license of the NFL and its players, and currently in its 17th installment, Madden NFL 07 puts you in control the running game like never before. For the first time ever, step up as the lead blocker to create a hole, and then take control of the tailback and smash through, overpower, or slash away from would-be tacklers as you fight for every yard. Innovative rushing controls give you a game-breaking ground attack featuring all-new jukes, cutbacks, and the distinct running styles of your favorite backs. [Electronic Arts]
Madden NFL 08,PC,Sports,75,6.2,E,EA Tiburon,All-New Read & React System: New player skill icons identify on-field strengths and weaknesses, providing an immediate read on what your opponent is giving you. Quickly react, create mismatches, and exploit opponent weaknesses before every play. All-New Front Office Mode: Take full control of every aspect of an NFL franchise. Construct a state-of-the-art stadium, set concession prices, hire your coaching staff, draft players, and manage the entire operation from the top down to build your dynasty. Your Ring of a Champion: Increase your Madden Gamer Level to help create and customize your own in-game championship ring. Madden Unmatched: All-new player moves, including auto-motion, backward passes and low-hitting tackles, plus ultra-smooth gameplay provide the most realistic NFL gaming experience ever. Control receivers and make spectacular catches or key possession receptions, or roam the secondary and jar the ball loose with big hits and ball-stripping tackles. [EA Sports]
Madden NFL 2000,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,EA Tiburon,It demonstrates why the Madden series has remained on top for ten years - and also why its competitors think they can topple the mighty champion.
Madden NFL 2001,PC,Sports,78,5.8,E,EA Sports,Get ready for a dose of bone-crunching football action on the PlayStation 2 with Madden NFL 2001. Madden NFL 2001 features an all-new and exclusive NFL Coaches Club license, which means you'll see coaches on the sidelines and hear them yelling encouragement, comments and criticisms. Madden 2001 also features individualized details, easy-to-use interface, dynamically enhanced audio and play-by-play recorded with John Madden and his broadcast partner, Pat Summerall, and more!
Madden NFL 2002,PC,Sports,71,7.9,E,EA Sports,New physics, collision, time-of-day changes and a new graphics engine are a few of the additions to this EA staple which allows you to create your own team and go online to challenge other Madden-heads over the net.
Madden NFL 2003,PC,Sports,89,7.7,E,EA Sports,The Next Level of Online Play: Join EA SPORTS Online and play in Quick Tournaments, Two-Minute Drill mode and Mini-Camp Challenge with detailed stats. Audio Dream Team: Legendary announcer Al Michaels joins John Madden. Deepest Franchise Mode Ever: Play 30 years of Franchise mode and draft players each season with tips from your scouts. Create the Ultimate Online Hero: Take your created player online, earn points and spend them to customize accessories. New Enhanced Game Engine: Based on the same engine used in the console versions of Madden NFL 2003. [EA Sports]
Madden NFL 2004,PC,Sports,91,7.7,E,EA Tiburon,Key Features for 2004 include New Playmaker Control - Make pre-snap adjustments to your receiver routes, direct receiver routes during a scramble, direct blocking down field during a run, or read and react to the offense to deliver a crushing tackle; New Owner Mode - Hire your own staff, set your team's ticket prices, build your own stadium, reward key players with signing bonuses and boost player attributes in Mini-Camp drills; Most Realistic NFL Playbooks Ever -  Tons of new trick plays, multiple formation variations, and the deepest NFL playbooks from all 32 officially licensed Coaches Club Head Coaches; New Animations and Enhancements - New QB scramble transitions to improve throwing on the run, stumbles, open field blocks, whirlwind defensive reaction moves, sideline wrap tackles, and out of bound pushes. [Electronic Arts]
Madden NFL 2005,PC,Sports,85,6.4,E,BudCat,Force the action on defense in Madden NFL 2005. New defensive tools allow you to make more plays and be in on all of the action. The all-new Hit Stick lets you lay the big hit to turn the momentum of the game in your favor. Modify pre-snap assignments, including double teams and player-specific match ups, for any defensive player on the field. With the new Storyline Central, you get the inside scoop around the league from radio host Tony Bruno, along with local and national newspapers, to help you make critical franchise decisions. New Hit Stick ? Change the momentum of a game by using the right analog stick to make a huge hit, force a turnover, and send the crowd into a frenzy. Time it just right or you'll get burned for a big play. Enhanced Franchise Mode ? Players now react to everything that happens in the franchise?reward a hard-working player by naming him team captain or trade away unhappy players. The new game-by-game progression system rewards players for their performance during the season. Your team's crowd is now customizable with new Create-a-Fan. Be on the lookout for team-specific super fans via all-new 3D fan scenes. New EA SPORTS Online ? Take on the best Madden players in quick tournaments, or compete in a mini-game of Rushing Attack. Improved EA SPORTS Fair Play keeps the playing field level. [Electronic Arts]
Madden NFL 97,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,K-A,EA Sports,Madden NFL 97 is a fun football game, but doesn't make the top of the list as a football simulator.
Madden NFL 98,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,K-A,Stormfront Studios,There are some glitches and oversights scattered throughout the program, to be sure, but the fun to be had makes them easy to live with.
Madden NFL 99,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,EA Sports,This is unquestionably the best edition ever, with significant and welcome improvements in every conceivable category.
Made Man: Confessions of the Family Blood,PC,Action Adventure,40,5.7,M,Silverback Studios,Made Man is based on real-world events and will allow players to assume the role of Joey Verola as he is indoctrinated into the dark world of organized crime and relive his life - every moment, every kill - as he rises through the ranks to become a "Made Man". Game created in conjunction with David Fisher, an accomplished author and respected authority on the Mafia, who possesses unparalleled knowledge and access into the inner workings of organized crime; Authentic Mafia-inspired gameplay scenarios, including bookmaking, racketeering, loan sharking, hijacking, assassinations, numbers running and high body count family wars; Over 25 weapons to master, including a Beretta, shotgun, machine gun and more; Full complement of melee weapons - chairs, pool cues and balls, bats, telephones - in the environments that can be used to wreak havoc, unleash pain and gain respect; Human shield/disarm mechanics for taking cover and getting out of sticky situations; Picture in Picture system, providing the player with greater awareness of the in-game action; and 20 diverse and fully-deformable environments. [Acclaim]
Madness Cubed,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,nobodyshot,NaN
MadOut,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nuligine,NaN
MadOut Ice Storm,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nuligine,NaN
MadOut Open City,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nuligine,NaN
Madrobot X,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NetoX,NaN
Madspace,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Auric Vision,NaN
Maelstrom,PC,Strategy,58,6.4,T,KDV Games,Maelstrom takes place on the devastated future Earth of 2040 where an alien invasion has triggered an apocalyptic ecological disaster. In this savaged world water has become the most valuable of resources and divided the remaining humans into two factions. Now, they must wage war against the invaders and each other in a desperate struggle for supremacy and survival. Advancing the innovative gameplay mechanics of Perimeter into a contemporary sci-fi game with action packed tactical gameplay and outstanding features, including upgradeable transforming units. Depending on which of the three factions you choose to fight for, it's all-out destructive war as you battle for control of the entire planet against fearless aliens, an army of high-tech super soldiers and a rag tag crew of human survivors. [Codemasters]
Maestia: Rise of Keledus,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NaN,Maestia: Rise of Keledus is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game.
Maestro: Music of Death,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Big Fish Games,A mysterious illness has broken out and is causing an entire village to age rapidly and die! Meanwhile, ominous music can be heard wafting through the air Journey to the quarantined village and find the cause of the deadly disease in Maestro: Music of Death. While you search for the source, find a little girl, who is trapped in the town! Master this Hidden Object Puzzle Adventure game and save the entire village!
Mafia,PC,Action Adventure,88,9.1,M,Illusion Softworks,Mafia brings the 1930's underworld to life in this 3rd person 3D action game. Rise from the lowly but well-dressed footsoldier to the envied and feared Made Man in an era of big bands, zoot suits and Model T's. Take on the role of a hitman, enforcer, getaway driver and more in your struggle for respect, money and power within the Salieri Family. [Take 2]
Mafia II,PC,Action Adventure,77,7.9,M,2K Czech,Featuring a deep mobster-driven narrative packed with both behind-the-wheel and on-foot action, Mafia 2 is the sequel fans have been clamoring for. Like the original Mafia title, Mafia 2 immerses players in the mob underworld of a fictitious late 1940's-early 1950's scenario. Players easily become engaged in the game's cinematic Hollywood movie experience with strong, believable characters in a living, breathing city. [2K Games]
Mafia II: Jimmy's Vendetta,PC,Action Adventure,67,4.0,M,2K Czech,Meet Jimmy, in this new downloadable pack. A gun for hire, Jimmy helped clean up other people's messes until he was betrayed by the people who hired him. Now it's payback time. Many new city based missions and new locales give you plenty of reasons to head back to Empire Bay. For more replay action, work to outrank your friends as you rise up the leaderboard.
Mafia II: Joe's Adventures,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,5.6,M,2K Czech,Joe's Adventures offers an engaging narrative and allows players to explore new locations, including a train station, the cathouse, a boat yard, a seasonally changing lakefront and some never-before-seen buildings in Empire Bay. This exciting new chapter in the Mafia II saga includes new clothing, collectibles and even more classic 40's and 50's music. In addition to the story-based missions, Joe's Adventures opens up a slew of optional city-based quests packed with arcade action gameplay and a points-based system that allows players to move up the ranks on the online leaderboard through combos and multiplier bonuses. Deadly executions by head shot or charged explosives rack up points, and precision-timed vehicular power slides, lofty jumps and feats of supercharged speed maintain the adrenaline-charged fun for extensive replayability.
Mafia III,PC,Action Adventure,62,3.2,M,Hangar 13,In 1968, after years in Vietnam, Lincoln Clay knows this truth: Family isn't who you're born with, it's who you are willing to die for. Now back home, in a new New Orleans, Lincoln is dedicated to rebuilding his life, but established ties keep him from exiting the city. It'll take more than a few friends to make it in this new world. Intense gun fights, hand-to-hand combat, white knuckle driving and street smarts will all be required. But with the right crew, tough decisions and some dirty hands, it's possible to ascend to the top of the city's underworld. It's about time to create a new family. 
MAGATAMA Earrings,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TinyAssociatesBand,NaN
Magdalena,PC,Adventure,No score yet,6.0,NaN,Yellow Bun,NaN
Mage Knight: Apocalypse,PC,Role-Playing,47,5.8,T,InterServ International,A mysterious power has issued an ominous portent and the call has gone out for stalwart heroes from all reaches of the Land to battle against an army of pure evil. Leading this army is The Apocalypse Dragon, a seemingly unstoppable five headed juggernaut of destruction that has been reborn and set loose on an unprepared populace.  Taking the role of one of 5 characters, the player must band together with other legendary heroes to face this Dragon and defeat the forces of Chaos in the "Mage Knight" universe. Team dynamics are vital in Mage Knight Apocalypse, and players need to select their party carefully, combining melee, ranged and magical strikes in conjunction with overwhelming group combo attacks to triumph in battle. Players can quest alone or with friends in five-player cooperative and competitive play modes, working together or going head-to-head in the ultimate clash for battlefield supremacy.  Players can choose from five distinct character classes and customize them with hundreds of weapons, armor and items, equipping the right gear for each intense encounter.  Unlike other action RPGs, in Mage Knight Apocalypse, players have no need to worry about ability points or discreet levels to gain.  Instead, character development depends on what type of playing style the player enjoys.  Swinging a heavy sword makes you stronger, casting spells makes your magic more powerful, and shooting bows improve dexterity.  The skills players use and the way they use them determines how the character develops. [Namco]
Mage Tower,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Red Button Games,NaN
Magebane 2,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Instant Kingdom,NaN
MageSlayer,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,M,Raven Software,Raven Software's MageSlayer is a homage to top-down action games, specifically Atari's Gauntlet.
MageWorks,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Earthborn Interactive, LLC,NaN
MAGI,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TeeGee,MAGI is a real time strategy game for the PC and features RPG elements.
Magic & Mayhem,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.8,T,Mythos Games,The game features an excellent and robust spell system, but gameplay itself is chaotic, messy, and simple to a fault.
Magic & Mayhem: The Art of Magic,PC,Strategy,71,7.0,T,Charybdis,A unique blend of strategy, tactical combat, and role-playing brought to life with full 3D graphics and an epic storyline. As a Wizard, you have the power to conjure terrifying creatures and devastating spells against you opponent. Before each battle, you choose which spells you will bring with you, and then use the spells in real-time tactical combat against your opponent. [Bethesda Softworks]
Magic 2015 - Garruk's Revenge,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Wizards of the Coast,Walk in the footsteps of the Multiverse’s greatest hunter with Magic 2015—Garruk’s Revenge expansion, featuring additional campaign levels, and new cards to collect. Take on the role of Garruk and hunt your prey across the planes.
Magic Academy II,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nevosoft,Once again, trouble is brewing in the world of magic: A priceless treatise has gone missing and if it falls into the wrong hands, a demon that was banished long ago could be summoned from exile.
Magic Ball,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dream Dale,NaN
Magic Ball 2: New Worlds,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Dream Dale,Magic Ball 2 offers a pseudo-3D translation of the classic Atari game, Breakout. In this game, you slide a crossbow-shaped bumper along the bottom of a two- dimensional plane as you bounce a ball back into a playing field to break blocks.
Magic Barrage - Bitferno,PC,Massively Multiplayer Online,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gameguyz,NaN
Magic Book,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Magic Box,NaN
Magic Carpet 2: The Netherworlds,PC,Action,No score yet,6.8,NaN,Take-Two Interactive,This title is an excellent successor to Magic Carpet and guarantees plenty of frequent flyer miles for every would-be wizard.
Magic Duels: Origins,PC,Strategy,77,5.9,NaN,Stainless Games,Every origin
Magic Encyclopedia 2: Moonlight,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Vendel Games,NaN
Magic Encyclopedia Trilogy,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Viva Media, Viva Media, LLC,Within all the rich and detailed environments there are thousands of objects to seek and find. This Special Trilogy Edition includes Magic Encyclopedia First Story, Magic Encyclopedia Moonlight, and Magic Encyclopedia Illusions all for one incredible price! Magic Encyclopedia First Story takes you on a journey of magic and wonder as you guide a young lady on a quest to stop the manifestation of a terrible evil. As you search beautiful hand-painted scenes for hidden objects, solve cunning puzzles and enjoy delightful mini-games, you`ll move ever closer to the startling discovery at the end of the journey. In Magic Encyclopedia Moonlight, when Katarina and Rodger discover their favorite professor missing, they team up and embark on an adventure like no other. As these time travelers scour the globe for clues, they will be challenged with mini-games and confronted with tricky puzzles. Join Katarina and Rodger and move quickly to save their professor from the werewolf’s curse before the moon rises! What you see is not always what you get in Magic Encyclopedia Illusions, a hidden object adventure that adds an extra layer of visual trickery. When Katarina receives word of an attack on the Magic Academy, she sets out to save her school from a fate worse than foreclosure! Join her as she learns about The Illusionist, a wizard that's changed the appearance of countless objects around the world and is gathering an unstoppable army. To defeat her nemesis, Katarina will have to figure out how to see through his illusions and even switch back and forth between reality and deception to solve puzzles. If you're in the mood for a game that's both comfortably familiar and refreshingly new, look no further! Immerse yourself in this unique blending of adventure and hidden object action as you unravel the ancient secrets in each of these compelling mysteries. 
Magic Encyclopedia: First Story,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,Magic Encyclopedia: First Story takes you on a journey of magic and wonder as you guide a young lady on a quest to find her brother and stop the manifestation of a terrible evil. As you search beautiful hand-painted scenes for hidden objects, solve cunning puzzles and enjoy delightful mini-games, you`ll move ever closer to the startling discovery at the end of the journey. Hours of relaxing gameplay that will stimulate your mind and enchant your spirit lie ahead!TRY IT FREE, THEN UNLOCK THE FULL ADVENTURE FROM WITHIN THE GAME!????? Features ?????? Find extra hints hidden in secret spots? Keep your eyes open for enchanting crystals!? Travel between exciting locations to complete your searches? Enchanting imagery makes gameplay addicting!??? Discover more from Big Fish Games! ???We’re big believers that everyone is a gamer at heart and that games are a great source of joy and relaxation. Founded in 2002, Big Fish Games is a developer, publisher and distributor of casual games. We offer a virtually endless selection of interactive games that you can enjoy anytime, anywhere — on your PC, Mac, mobile phone, or tablet. Renowned for offering A New Game Every Day!® on www.bigfishgames.com, Big Fish Games distributes more than two million games per day worldwide.We have many other great iPhone games including:? Patchworkz? Turtle Isle? Haunted Hotel: Lonely Dream? Tiny Places? Dark Tales: Edgar Allan Poe’s Murder in the Rue Morgue Collector’s Edition? Secrets of the Dragon Wheel? Empress of the Deep II: Song of the Blue Whale? Empress of the Deep: The Darkest Secret? Redemption Cemetery: Curse of the Raven Collector’s Edition? Adventure Chronicles: The Search for Lost Treasure? Adventures of Robinson Crusoe? Nightmare Adventures: A Witch’s Prison? Nick Chase & the Deadly Diamond? Hidden Wonders of the Depths 2? Flux Family Secrets: The Ripple Effect? Secret Mission: The Forgotten Island? Amazon: Hidden Expedition *? Big City Adventure: New York CityYou can always find an updated list at www.bigfishgames.com!Try out Big Fish Games' iSplash! newsletter and never miss a sale or new game again! Sign up at: http://bigfi.sh/isplashFollow us on Twitter: http://bigfi.sh/BigFishTwitterBecome a fan on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/BigFishGamesMobile
Magic Flute,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,LabLike Sp. z o.o.,NaN
Magic Inlay,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,GameHouse,Magic Inlay is a shape-based puzzle game that feeds you a constant stream of polygons that you must then fit into a predetermined pattern on the screen.
Magic Match,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Mac Play, MacPlay,Journey through the magical Lands of Arcane in this rich puzzler. With your helpful imp, Giggles, by your side, explore over 100 levels of unique puzzling fun in six mystical realms. Or, challenge a friend to a challenge in the exciting Duel mode. Full of fascinating characters, strategic challenges, and a detailed storyline, Magic Match is the ultimate adventure for your brain.
Magic Match Adventures,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Oberon Media,NaN
Magic Meisters,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,QuickFixInc,NaN
N++,PC,Action,90,6.6,NaN,Metanet Software Inc.,N++ is a fast-paced, action-packed puzzle platformer set in the distant future. You play as a ninja, darting through obstacles, narrowly evading a slew of inadvertently homicidal enemy robots and collecting delicious gold in a minimalist, sci-fi world. N++ is all about smooth physics, deftly controlling the speed and inertia of the ninja,and the awesome feeling of fluidly moving through each level. It's bursting with hundreds of single player and multiplayer levels, each featuring a series of difficult challenges, diabolical traps and a distinct visual style to nimbly soar through. If that wasn't enough, the integrated level-editor allows you to make and share your levels with every other person on the planet.
N+,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Metanet Software Inc.,In a futuristic world of inadvertently homicidal robots, a daring ninja must use deft acrobatic skill and guts of steel to survive. N+ is a peerless action-puzzle platformer with more than 300 levels in which to hone your ninja reflexes, plus a built-in level editor for when you're hungry for more. N+ also features unique, physics-based controls, stylish graphics, unlimited lives, competitive and cooperative multiplayer, plenty of gold, and several flavors of sweet, sweet action.
N++,PC,Action,90,6.6,NaN,Metanet Software Inc.,N++ is a fast-paced, action-packed puzzle platformer set in the distant future. You play as a ninja, darting through obstacles, narrowly evading a slew of inadvertently homicidal enemy robots and collecting delicious gold in a minimalist, sci-fi world. N++ is all about smooth physics, deftly controlling the speed and inertia of the ninja,and the awesome feeling of fluidly moving through each level. It's bursting with hundreds of single player and multiplayer levels, each featuring a series of difficult challenges, diabolical traps and a distinct visual style to nimbly soar through. If that wasn't enough, the integrated level-editor allows you to make and share your levels with every other person on the planet.
N.E.O. Online,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sonov Entertainment,N.E.O. Online is an MMORPG available for download on the PC.
N.E.R.O.: Nothing Ever Remains Obscure,PC,Adventure,59,5.4,E,Storm in a Teacup,NERO is a first person adventure game based on puzzle solving and exploration. NERO is a wonderful journey in an magic world where a kid is the key to all locks and the nights is not as frightening as you could think. Play the role of this kid, followed by a mysterious black cloathed companion, discovering the truth behind this epic journey. Use the Sphere of Light to interact with the environment, explore and experience emotions and feelings that are uncommon in videogames, with a brand new next-generation visual novel reshaping the genre.
N2O: Nitrous Oxide,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Urbanscan,Take a deep breath and preapre to engage in an electrified tsunami of light. Colour and fortified funk, you are a tunnel runner screeching through the thirty levels of constantly morphing. Psychedelic dimension of N2O, lock down, power up and take the trip of a lifetime as you're fuelled by adrenaline and driven by instinct in this state-of-the-art 32 bit space shooter.
Nadirim,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Twisted Tribe,Nadirim is a free-to-play, browser-based, massively multiplayer online role playing game (MMORPG) placed in a fantasy world inspired by the tales of the Arabian Nights. Explore Nadirim and its unique world of Arabian myths and fables to immerse yourself in an online role playing experience that has never been brought to browser platforms before! The game takes the player into the world of the Arabian Nights, a world that is fictional in geographical and historical terms but incorporates the best known elements of Arabian fables and mythology like djinns, adventurous thieves, mysterious princesses, potions, alchemy, and ï¿½ of course ï¿½ heroes and villains.
Naev,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Naev Dev Team,NaN
NagiQ,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,IKIGames,NaN
NagiQ 2: Treasure Hunt,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,IKIGames,NaN
nail'd,PC,Driving,69,7.7,E10+,Techland,nail’d is all about eschewing boring realism for over the top arcade fun. It’s a racer that challenges everything from player reflexes through to the rules of physics. Riding on ATVs and motocross bikes with powerful boost controls, players will race down near-vertical courses of incredible jumps, stunts and obstacles. The brutal challenge of the Yosemite National Park is but one of the places they’ll learn the meaning of verticality.
NaissanceE,PC,Adventure Games,66,7.1,NaN,Limasse Five,NaissanceE is a first person exploration PC game developed on UDK by Limasse Five with the participation of Pauline Oliveros, Patricia Dallio and Thierry Zaboitzeff. The adventure takes place in a primitive mysterious structure and the game mainly consists to explore and feel the deep and strong ambiance of this atemporal world but platforming and puzzles areas will also enrich the experience. 
Naked War,PC,Strategy,83,tbd,NaN,The Pickford Brothers,Naked War is a light hearted, turn-based, battle game for two players, played on Windows PCs over email. Its a Community Messaging Game. Each game is played on an island where two squads of up to four soldiers battle each other for supremacy. The player takes the role of a military officer, issuing strategic commandings to his / her squad, then watching the resulting battle unfold. Games are started by players sending out Challenges to anybody they know - either exisiting Naked War players in their in-game address book, or real life friends or acquiantences via their email address list. Each player takes it in turn to plan the movement of their four units. Each unit is allowed up to seven 'moves' per turn, and can move, attack, enter buildings, drive tanks and other vehicles or use items, etc., each move. Once the player has set up all the moves for their four units, he / she clicks the send button, which sends an email to their opponent containing this turn (in the form of an attached file), then plays back the turn on their PC, showing both players the results of the planned moves. When a player receives a turn in their email Inbox, they simply double click the attachment to launch Naked War, which plays back the turn received then allows the player to set up their own turn in reply. Each soldier in the game starts with a 'doofer', but looses it to their attacker if the damage inflicted is great enough to 'demob' the soldier, losing their uniform and making them naked! The aim of the game is for one team to defeat the other by gaining control of all the doofers, and the winner is declared at the end of the turn where the last doofer changes hands. Each turn is played offline at whatever time is convenient to the player. There is no need for both players to be on-line at the same time, or playing at the same time. Turns can be replied to instantly, during lunchtime, or at the end of the day, or they can wait in your Inbox for days until the you are ready to respond. The average turns take only a few minutes to set up and play back, and a game can take anything from as little as 10 turns, up to 50 or more before there is a winner, depending on the complexity of the map and the relative skill of the players involved. [The Pickford Brothers]
NAM,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,GT Interactive, TNT Team,NAM strives to deliver the fun and intensity of a first-person action game and the realism of a simulation - and because of that indecision it ultimately fails on both counts.
Namariel Legends: The Iron Lord,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Shaman Games,In this adventure quest game player will need to sneak into the citadel of cruel Iron Lord and rid invaded land of Namariel from tyrant after escaping from air prison, revealing the secret of Iron Lord and rescuing legitimate King and Queen of Namariel.
Namco All-Stars: Pac-Man and Dig Dug,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Namco Networks America,NaN
Namco Museum 50th Anniversary,PC,Miscellaneous,52,tbd,E10+,Namco,It's party time! Namco is celebrating 50 years of bringing you the greatest games on the planet by releasing the biggest and best compilation of time-honored, all-star arcade classics. Namco Museum 50th Anniversary features 14 of the most treasured Namco original games in arcade history wrapped up in a retro-cool menu interface that allows you to explore a virtual arcade and dominate your favorite games. Relive your arcade years and rock out to a cool 80's soundtrack that takes you back to glory days of arcade gaming and this time...leave your quarters at home. 14 Classic Arcade Games Include: Pac-Man, Ms. Pac-Man, Galaga, Galaxian, Dig Dug, Pole Position, Pole Position II, Rolling Thunder, Rally X, Bosconian, Dragon Spirit, Sky Kid, Xevious, Mappy. Sky Kid and Rolling Thunder are two new titles new to Namco Museum. [Namco]
Nameless ~The one thing you must recall~,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cheritz,NaN
Nancy Drew Collector's Edition Fan Favorites,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,NaN
Nancy Drew Dossier: Lights, Camera, Curses!,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,Seek the source of sabotage on a Hollywood set!
Nancy Drew Dossier: Resorting to Danger,PC,Miscellaneous,77,8.0,E10+,Her Interactive,You, as Nancy Drew, must stop a bomber from ruining the Redondo Spa clients’ rejuvenation and relaxation. The high maintenance clients won’t be happy if they find that their retreat is about to explode, even if the bombs are more prankster gross-outs than dangerous. Now, Nancy Drew is undercover as the spa gopher catering to the customers’ eccentric requests while defusing bombs. From celebrities who escape here to the receptionist at the front desk—everyone is a suspect! Who is sabotaging the spa and can Nancy catch the culprit before the spa loses all of its clients?
Nancy Drew Message in a Haunted Mansion/Samantha Swift and the Hidden Roses of Athena,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Various,Players can join Nancy Drew on her search through a haunted Victorian mansion and then pair up with Samantha Swift as she travels the globe in an archaeological expedition.
Nancy Drew: 75th Anniversary Edition,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,To mark the special 75th Anniversary of this savvy super-sleuth, The Adventure Company brings you this limited edition containing five best-selling Nancy Drew games for the PC, a bonus Nancy Drew mystery book, and an exclusive Nancy Drew movie trailer. The games feature realistic characters, 360-degree 3-D graphics, in-game hints, and hours of gameplay.
Nancy Drew: Alibi in Ashes,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,A local contest turns into an arson scene and now deceit smolders among the charred ruins of the River Heights Town Hall. Police have several suspects, but well-placed incriminating evidence and poisonous local gossip compelled authorities to make only one arrest: Nancy Drew.
Nancy Drew: Classic Adventures Vol. 1,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,Play Two Award-Winning Mystery Games!  In Mystery #1, Secrets Can Kill, Nancy travels to Florida to help her librarian aunt unravel the case of a mysterious murder!  Then, in Mystery #2, Stay Tuned for Danger, Nancy helps her friend, a soap opera star, discover why a line of mysterious events have been happening to her co-star, Rick Arlen.  With everything from threatening letters to bombs to rigged stage equipment, someone must want Rick Arlen dead... and fast!
Nancy Drew: Curse of Blackmoor Manor,PC,Adventure,81,8.7,E,Her Interactive,All is not well in Blackmoor Manor, a Fourteenth Century English mansion haunted by a tragic past. You, as Nancy Drew, embark on your first international adventure to visit Linda Penvellyn, your neighbor's daughter and newlywed wife of a British diplomat. A mysterious malady keeps Linda hidden behind thick bed curtains. Is she hiding from something or someone, or is a more menacing threat stalking her? Face your fears to find the truth!  [Her Interactive]
Nancy Drew: Danger By Design,PC,Adventure,70,5.7,E,Her Interactive,You, as Nancy Drew, intern undercover in a prestigious fashion design studio in Paris. The lead designer, Minette, hasn't quite been herself lately. She hides behind a white mask and often throws tantrums, even firing several employees. Mysterious threats arrive at the old windmill studio and other troubles lurk in the underbelly of the City of Light. Can you help Minette release her latest clothing line on time? Or will your sleuthing abroad meet an unfashionable end? [Her Interactive]
Nancy Drew: Danger on Deception Island,PC,Adventure,81,7.7,E,Her Interactive,In Danger on Deception Island, you, as Nancy Drew, are investigating a string of mysterious events on Deception Island. Try this adventure by foot, bike, and kayak! Navigate sea caves, boats, and the surrounding waters in your kayak. Hop on your bike to explore the Whale Center, Hot Kettle Cafe, and Lighthouse. Walk around town or hit the sandy beach to discover a lighthouse, build sandcastles and more!
Nancy Drew: Double Dare,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,This compilation includes two games from the Nancy Drew series of adventure games: The Secret of the Scarlet Hand and The Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake. You'll need sharp detective skills to help Nancy solve both mysteries.
Nancy Drew: Double Dare 2,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,Step into the shoes of detective Nancy Drew as she investigates the mysteries surrounding an amusement park and an island. The Double Dare 2 compilation includes two installments in the Nancy Drew series: The Haunted Carousel and Danger on Deception Island.
Nancy Drew: Double Dare 3,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,Two Games in One for Twice the Fun!  In Mystery #10, The Secret of Shadow Ranch, Nancy Drew travels to a ranch in Arizona for a relaxing stay, but soon discovers a ghostly phantom horse haunting the ranch!  Explore everything from a Pueblo Indian mesa to a spooky ghost town to find a answer to the accidents caused by the phantom horse!  Then, in Mystery #11, The Curse of Blackmoor Manor, Nancy travels to a moor in England to help her friend, Linda, who claims to be turning into a beast!
Nancy Drew: Double Dare 4,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,Two Games in one for Twice the fun!  In Mystery #12, The Secret of the Old Clock, Nancy goes to investigate the mysterious behavior of her friend, Emily Crandall, heir to the Lilac Inn, in a 1930's world!  Then, in Mystery #13, The Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon, Nancy and other detectives (including the Hardy Boys!), look for an answer to why Jake Hurley's train wrecked and he was no where to be found, in the refinished train!
Nancy Drew: Double Dare 5,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,Two Games in One For Twice the Fun!  In Mystery #14, Danger by Design, Nancy travels to Paris, France undercover as a clothing designer's assistant.  She must discover why the popular clothing designer, Minette has been comitting strange acts, from wearing a mask all the time to throwing paint all over her studio to having tons of furious rages.  Then, in Mystery #15, The Creature of Kapu Cave, Nancy travels to Hawaii to help Dr. Quigley Kim research new kinds of bugs.  But when she gets there, she teams up with the vacationing Hardy Boys and discovers why Kim's campsite is in a shambles, why she has gone missing and what all those mysterious carnivorous caterpillars all over the Kapu Cave are!
Nancy Drew: Double Dare 6,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,Two Games in One For Twice the Fun!  In Mystery #16, The White Wolf of Icicle Creek, Nancy goes undercover at the Icicle Creek Lodge in the chilling Canadian Rockies to help the owner, Chantal, discover why tons of myserious events are happening at the Lodge and why a lone white wolf is at the scene every time.  Then, in Mystery #17, Legend of the Crystal Skull, Nancy is told to help her boyfriend, Ned Nickerson's, college buddy who had a death in the family.  But there is more to the story than that!  Soon, Nancy and her friend Bess Marvin travel to New Orleans and discover that before his death, Bruno Bolet lost the legendary relic, the Crystal Skull.  It is an object believed to protect its owner from unnatural death.  The race is on to find it as Nancy and Bess infiltrate a secret society!
Nancy Drew: Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,In Nancy Drew's latest adventure, you must delve into the dark woods surrounding Moon Lake to investigate ghostly legends. Guide the detective as she questions the enigmatic residents, tracks the history of a mysterious former resident, and solves puzzles that reveal important clues. Nancy Drew: Ghost Dogs of Moon Lake offers a journal that lets you record your clues and in-game hints, which you use whenever you need them.
Nancy Drew: Ghost of Thornton Hall,PC,Action,No score yet,8.2,E,Her Interactive,Jessalyn Thornton's fateful sleepover at the abandoned Thornton estate was supposed to be a pre-wedding celebration, but the fun ended when she disappeared. While her family searches for clues, others refuse to speak about the estate’s dark past. Did something supernatural happen to Jessalyn, or is someone in Thornton Hall holding something besides family secrets?
Nancy Drew: Labyrinth of Lies,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Her Interactive,NaN
Nancy Drew: Last Train to Blue Moon Canyon,PC,Adventure,77,7.8,E,Her Interactive,The Hardy Boys have invited you, as Nancy Drew, on a train ride out West hosted by beautiful and prominent socialite, Lori Girard. Lori has gathered the greatest minds in mystery to solve a century-old secret and the haunted train is their best clue. The luxurious train once belonged to Jake Hurley, who set out long ago to find the mother lode during mining mania. Shortly after the trip began, Jake's wife, Camille met an untimely end. Although her death broke his heart, Jake pressed on in his search for riches. Years later, Jake's train was found in Blue Moon Canyon with the engineer slumped over in the car - dead. Jake had mysteriously vanished. Climb aboard as Nancy Drew and see if you can uncover the truth at the end of the line!  [Her Interactive]
Nancy Drew: Legend of the Crystal Skull,PC,Adventure,79,8.5,E,Her Interactive,Bruno Bolet was the proud owner of the "Whisperer," a crystal skull rumored to protect its holder from almost any cause of death - except murder. When Bruno passed away, his nephew Henry came to wrap up his affairs, but he couldn't find the skull among the clutter of the creepy Bolet manor. You'll need to team up with Nancy's best friend Bess Marvin to find this mystical artifact before it falls into the wrong hands! [Her Interactive]
Nancy Drew: Message in a Haunted Mansion,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,In Message in a Haunted Mansion, Nancy has flown to San Francisco to help out an old family friend who is turning a beautiful but dilapidated Victorian house into a bed-and-breakfast establishment.
Nancy Drew: Sea of Darkness,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Her Interactive,The ship “Heerlijkheid,” is usually the centerpiece of an Icelandic town’s local festival. Now that its captain has disappeared, the renovated vessel has become an eerie distraction. Did Captain Magnus sail away with a legendary treasure, or was he carried off into the night? Take the helm as detective Nancy Drew and set a course for the Sea of Darkness.
Nancy Drew: Secret of the Old Clock,PC,Adventure,80,8.1,E,Her Interactive,It’s 1930 and Nancy Drew is asked to visit Emily Crandall in Titusville, a girl whom Nancy knows only through a mutual friend. She and her mother had been counting on the generosity of their kindly but strange neighbor, Josiah Crowley, to leave them part of his estate to support the inn they own. But in his will, everything was left to Richard Topham, his ESP teacher. A contested will, a suffering girl, suspicious psychics – can Nancy solve the mystery before time runs out? [Her Interactive]
Nancy Drew: Secret of the Scarlet Hand,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,Nancy Drew®: Secret of Scarlet Hand is a first-person perspective, point-and-click adventure game. The player is Nancy Drew and has to solve a mystery. Explore rich environments for clues, interrogate suspects, and solve puzzles and mini-games.
Nancy Drew: Secrets Can Kill,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,Secrets Can Kill challenges you to solve a murder as you play the role of that famous teen detective, Nancy Drew! You are hot on the trail of a cunning criminal and it will take a clever mind to crack the case. Accept the ultimate challenge and solve the mystery... if you dare!
Nancy Drew: Secrets Can Kill Remastered,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Her Interactive,As a tribute to Nancy Drew's 80th Anniversary, Her Interactive is remastering the first game that launched the award-winning adventure series. With completely updated graphics and new puzzles, this special edition will appeal to old and new mystery game fans alike!
Nancy Drew: Shadow at the Water's Edge,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Her Interactive,A spooky quest to solve a mystery with every clue providing even more twists and turns to the plot.
Nancy Drew: The Captive Curse,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Her Interactive,A terrifying myth comes alive in Germany! Many years ago a monster stalked the German forest surrounding Castle Finster. According to locals and storytellers, the monster disappeared when it claimed a victim. Now everyone is frightened by the sights and sounds of something large stumbling through the darkness. Can you solve the mystery before the monster adds another chapter to this legend?
Nancy Drew: The Creature of Kapu Cave,PC,Adventure,68,7.5,E,Her Interactive,You, as Nancy Drew, go to Hawaii to serve as a research assistant to Dr. Quigley Kim. A devastating scourge is destroying the pineapple crop causing residents to whisper that a local research compound has awoken the legendary Kane Okala.  Upon arriving, she discovers the camp ravaged with Dr. Kim missing. Coincidentally, the Hardy Boys are also on the Island to complete top secret mission, but it’s up to Nancy to uncover this intricate web of mysteries. [Her Interactive]
Nancy Drew: The Deadly Device,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Her Interactive,Fear lingers in a remote laboratory after a physicist's suspicious demise. A police investigation resulted in nothing except a case as cold as the secretive personalities and steel walls that enshroud a top-secret Tesla-inspired facility.
Nancy Drew: The Final Scene,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,NaN
Nancy Drew: The Haunted Carousel,PC,Adventure,85,8.4,E,Her Interactive,Nancy is invited to the Jersey shore to investigate a series of mishaps that have occurred at the Captain?s Cove Amusement Park. The missing lead horse was stolen from the carousel and now, the roller coaster has lost power resulting in a serious accident. Although the park is closed until the insurance company can investigate the accident, several workers still remain on site. Those workers include the park?s bookkeeper, Joy Trent, who has a peculiar robot companion named Miles; the chief engineer, Ingrid Corey; Harlan Bishop, the security officer and Elliot Chen, the park?s art director. Nancy starts investigating and learns about the reclusive genius, Rolfe Kessler, who carved the carousel in his long forgotten hidden workshop. She also discovers the sad history of the park?s former owner, Daryl Trent, who created the robot, Miles, for his daughter Joy. He hid puzzles and riddles about the park to reunite his daughter with her past. Nancy can only discover the truth behind the haunted carousel after solving a series of puzzles and avoiding several deadly traps. [Atari]
Nancy Drew: The Haunting of Castle Malloy,PC,Adventure,81,8.6,E,Her Interactive,Touted as the most romantic event to grace the ruined halls of Ireland's Castle Malloy, the Simmons-Mallory wedding was supposed to be a fairytale beginning, but now the groom is missing! Did a banshee crash the wedding or is this a case of cold feet? Can you, as Nancy Drew, unravel the knot of scattered clues and scary superstitions? You'll need to catch more than a bridal bouquet to make this a happily ever after. [Her Interactive]
Nancy Drew: The Phantom of Venice,PC,Adventure,69,6.9,E,Her Interactive,Somewhere beyond the bright piazzas and open markets of the Venice Carnevale lurks a masked thief. Despite months of investigations, the Italian police remain helpless as stolen treasures vanish in the night. That's why the authorities asked you, as detective Nancy Drew, to join the case, to infiltrate a dangerous crime syndicate and catch this phantom thief before he or she destroys the heart of Venice! [Her Interactive]
Nancy Drew: The Ransom of the Seven Ships,PC,Adventure,78,8.6,E,Her Interactive,Your friend Bess Marvin is kidnapped and the only chance you have to save her is by solving a 300-year-old Bahamian mystery! Dangerous waters keep treasure hunters from exploring the reefs around Dread Isle, but this remote island might hide the riches of El Toro's lost fleet! Can you, as Nancy Drew, track down the treasure before time runs out? [Her Interactive]
Nancy Drew: The Secret of Shadow Ranch,PC,Adventure,68,7.3,E,Her Interactive,Ropin?, ridin? and revenge. A ranch vacation takes a terrifying turn when a ghostly horse appears. Is it driven by the vengeful commands of its long-dead master, Dirk Valentine? Or is a living villain behind the ranch?s string of bad luck? It?s up to you, as Nancy Drew, to figure out who?s wearing the black hat before your investigation is ambushed! [Her Interactive]
Nancy Drew: The Shattered Medallion,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Her Interactive,NaN
Nancy Drew: The White Wolf of Icicle Creek,PC,Adventure,73,6.4,E,Her Interactive,Nancy Drew travels to the Canadian Rockies to investigate the Icicle Creek Lodge. Chantal, the owner of the lodge has asked her to uncover the culprit behind a recent string of suspicious accidents. To make matters worse, an eerie howling wolf keeps everyone up at night and terrorizes the guests. The wolf also appears at the site of accidents and then mysteriously disappears when the police arrive. As Nancy makes her way to the cozy lodge, an explosion rocks the quiet night, destroying a bunkhouse. A wolf howls mournfully in the distance. Nancy has barely set foot on the premises and already trouble is afoot! Can Nancy solve this mystery before all the guests leave and Chantal is left out in the cold? [Her Interactive]
Nancy Drew: Tomb of the Lost Queen,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,Enter the Cursed Tomb of the Lost Queen! Egyptologists and archaeologists are abuzz about recent discoveries by a university dig team, but suspicious accidents left the group isolated and leaderless. Is a curse burying their progress or is someone sabotaging their success? Find out as you assume the role of Nancy Drew and uncover the lost secrets buried within the Tomb of the Lost Queen!
Nancy Drew: Trail of the Twister,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,Nancy Drew goes undercover as a competitive storm chaser in this new mystery, set in Oklahoma during the tornado season. Teams are competing for a $100,000,000 prize for discovering a prediction formula for tornados, but something is not quite right... To solve the mystery of who is sabotaging the storm chasing team, Nancy is thrust into a world of wild weather, high technology, secret conversations, mysterious dealings, and ulterior motives.
Nancy Drew: Treasure in a Royal Tower,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,NaN
Nancy Drew: Triple Threat,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,Solve three different mysteries with Nancy Drew: Treasure in a Royal Tower, Nancy Drew: The Final Scene, and Nancy Drew: Secret of the Scarlet Hand.
Nancy Drew: Ultimate Dare,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Her Interactive,Four Games in One for the Ultimate in Mystery Fun!
Nancy Drew: Warnings at Waverly Academy,PC,Adventure,76,6.6,E,Her Interactive,You, as Nancy Drew, are undercover at a prestigious girls' boarding school to discover the culprit behind threatening notes and dangerous accidents aimed at its valedictorian candidates! Is there a secret someone wants to protect or are the malicious pranks intended to scare away the competition - permanently? Solve the mystery before the threats turn deadly and you're expelled from the case! [Her Interactive]
Nandeyanen!? - The 1st Sutra,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Tchagata Games,NaN
Naninights,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Maxim Moore,Naninights is a point-and-click horror adventure. Someone accidentally left a gate open and a test subject escaped. Explore the dark halls of the lab and find him before he finds you... 
Nanny 911,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Merscom LLC,NaN
Nanny Mania,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,DreamCatcher Interactive,There's no job more challenging than being a Nanny, managing a busy household and balancing the needs of the family you've been hired to help. Take on the duties of cleaning, cooking, laundry, and taking care of the parents, four kids and a whole heap of trouble. Put your family to the test as you train them in the art of running a household properly.
Nanobots,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Diego Rodrigues,NaN
Nanofights,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Quantumfrog,Nanofights is an Online Trading Card Game, designed for fast gameplay. Build your individual deck out of four completely different factions and over 300 cards and fight against the computer or other players. 
Nanooborg,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Pokshevanov Pavel,Nanoborg is a super funny 2d side-scroller with inverted input mechanic! Try your luck and use all your skills to help a tiny Nanoborg reach his goal. With inverted input mechanic it is rather hard to complete multiple levels, you gotta move!
NANOS,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Excamedia,NaN
Nanotris,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Afterlife Entertainment,NaN
Nanpa Nama Hame: Nakadashi Banzai,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,U-Me Soft,NaN
Napoleon 1813,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,The Wargamer Project,Napoleon 1813 is a game that is long on innovation but critically short on polish and tuning.
Napoleon in Italy,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hussar Games,Step back to the age of Napoleon and follow in the earliest footsteps of this military genius! Napoleon in Italy is a hex based strategy game that includes both the strategic level of movement and logistics combined with playable tactical battles. Lead the young Napoleon's French Army on his first campaign against the Austrians and Piedmontese in Northern Italy or try to stop Napoleon's dedicated army and tactical brilliance with the mighty allied army of Austria.
Napoleon: Total War,PC,Strategy,81,7.9,T,Creative Assembly,Napoleon: Total War defines a new standard within the genre with exciting characters and a cinematic narrative, mind-blowing battle sequences and an unrivalled mix of turn-based and real-time strategy. Take command and lead your armies on land and sea over three campaigns: Italy, Egypt and Mastery of Europe. The seamless mix of objective-based missions and sandbox experience makes this the most complete Total War experience to date. Napoleon features fully integrated multiplayer modes and a complete set of online functionalities: Steam achievements, gameplay bonuses, uniform editor and voice communications. Advanced weaponry enables new tactical options and even more exciting real-time battles on an epic scale, while the highly detailed environments and improved battlefield buildings guarantee a realistic recreation of famous historical battles. [Sega]
Napoleon: Total War - Coalition Battle Pack,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,Creative Assembly,The Coalition Battle Pack features 6 brand new units and contains the Battle of Friedland fought between France and Russia not available in Napoleon: Total War
Napoleon: Total War - Heroes of the Napoleonic Wars,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,Creative Assembly,Previously available only as part of the exclusive Napoleon: Total War Imperial Edition, the Heroes of The Napoleonic Wars unit pack contains 10 superior battlefield units. This pack includes the veteran cavalrymen of the 15th British Hussars, the close-combat specialists of the 1st East Prussian Grenadier Battalion, and the deadly Moscow Musketeers, capable of unleashing massed volleys of fire before performing devastating bayonet charges.
Napoleon: Total War - Imperial Eagle Pack,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,Creative Assembly,NaN
Napoleon: Total War - The Peninsular Campaign,PC,Strategy,75,7.5,T,Creative Assembly,This expansion pack includes a brand new campaign map, featuring 32 controllable regions divided among four different factions. It is 1811 and the war in the Spanish Peninsula has been raging for over two years with mixed fortunes and heavy casualties for both sides. Napoleon’s Armée d’Espagne, led by Marshal Masséna, has invaded Portugal once again, but thus far, the network of entrenchments has proved impossible for the French to successfully assail. Although forced back to the edges of their Peninsula by France and the traitors who helped them, Spain is not yet out of the fight. The Supreme Central Junta and its successor, the Supreme Regency, authorized the forming of local bands to fight guerrilla – the “little war” – against the invaders. [Sega]
Narcissu 10th Anniversary Anthology Project,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,stage-nana,NaN
Narcissu 1st & 2nd,PC,Adventure,No score yet,7.4,NaN,stage-nana,This is a story of disease and suffering; of medication and adverse effects; of thoracotomy scars and cellular poisons; of the living who cannot help but to die and of the dying who cannot help but to live; of a resting place other than "on 7F" or "at home". 
Narcissus,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,AlexVsCoding,NaN
Narco Terror,PC,Action,No score yet,4.6,M,Koch Media,Narco Terror is a wild, collateral-justice twin-stick shooter that combines the magnetism and atmosphere of 80's movies and games, with high-def visuals and overwhelming, destructive chaos. The campaign supports co-op play with up to two players on a single machine, or online co-op with players able to drop in or drop out at any point.
NarcoGuerra,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,GameTheNews,Can you End the Never-Ending War?  Challenging, tactical, engaging and above all, drawn from reality, this is strategy gaming at is most intelligent.  NarcoGuerra puts you in the frontline of one of the most dangerous conflicts ever.  From the acclaimed creators of Endgame:Syria, described as "...oozes quite some quality and is actually fun to play... with this unique gamification approach, it will make more people aware of what is happening today..." (GamesWarp.com), this game challenges you to fight in the War on Drugs.  Featuring three game-modes; Story, Skirmish and Local Multiplayer, this game allows the player to take command of the police across Mexico as they arm themselves in an attempt to clear the cartels from the region.  Take operational control of the police as you attempt to stem the ever-growing tide of conflict and trafficking, where others have failed to push back the narcos and cartels for over 40 years - can you succeed?  Find out in NarcoGuerra...
Naruto Online,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Oasis Games,NaN
Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 3 Full Burst,PC,Action,80,7.9,T,CyberConnect2,Live the 4th Great Ninja War and its overpowering boss fights or defy your friends in ultra dynamic online and offl ine ninja confrontations! Originally released in March 2013 for Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 to wide critical and fan acclaim, NARUTO SHIPPUDEN: Ultimate Ninja STORM 3 has been given a thorough overhaul for its FULL BURST comeback! The "ULTIMATE" Ninja Storm 3 edition features many new enhancements and additional content, including the feverishly anticipated chapter where Sasuke and Itachi take on Kabuto in a nail-biting confrontation.
Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 4,PC,Action,No score yet,7.4,T,CyberConnect2,Recreate all the legendary teams from NARUTO SHIPPUDEN or create your own team. Players will be able to switch characters during the fight.  The roster spans the NARUTO SHIPPUDEN story arc and capture the latest character appearances from the anime. Almighty foes such as Kaguya, Madara (Six Paths) & Obito (Six Paths) join the fray.
Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm Revolution,PC,Action,61,6.4,T,CyberConnect2,Anime visuals and fluid 3D ninja fighting action come together once again for the next Ultimate Ninja STORM game yet.  NARUTO SHIPPUDEN: Ultimate Ninja STORM REVOLUTION features new gameplay mechanics including Combination Ultimate Jutsu attacks, allowing characters to combine their honed powers to create techniques to bring opponents to their knees. With a roster reaching 100 playable characters spanning the entire NARUTO and NARUTO SHIPPUDEN anime arcs, there are likely to be characters that fit everyone's play style.  A new character designed by NARUTO manga creator Masashi Kishimoto also makes an appearance in NARUTO SHIPPUDEN: Ultimate Ninja STORM REVOLUTION.
Nary,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Khud0,NaN
NASCAR '14,PC,Driving,No score yet,5.1,E,Eutechnyx,Grab the wheel from your favorite driver and engage in the race week experience from practice, to qualifying, to race day challenges. With your favorite personalities and live replay, NASCAR '14 promises to be the authentic NASCAR experience for fans. 
NASCAR '15,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,E,DMi Games,Featuring the 2015 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series season, NASCAR '15 is the officially licensed racing simulation game. Includes Quick Race, Career and Multiplayer modes.
NASCAR 2000,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Stormfront Studios,It's an alternative for gamers more interested in down-and-dirty stock-car action than in perfect realism.
NASCAR Craftsman Truck Racing,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Sierra Entertainment,NaN
NASCAR Heat,PC,Driving,81,8.6,E,Monster Games Inc.,NASCAR Heat offers a brutally honest driving experience, but with simplistic damage modeling.
NASCAR Heat Evolution,PC,Racing,No score yet,4.6,E,Dusenberry Martin Racing,Gameplay modes include Race, Challenges, Season, Chase, Online, and Career. In Career, customize your own NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver. From the high banks of Talladega to the tight turns in Martinsville, each of the 23 licensed NASCAR tracks have been recreated in conjunction with track owners. NASCAR Heat Evolution offers 43 different drivers from the most popular race teams including Stewart-Haas Racing, Joe Gibbs Racing, Hendrick Motorsports, Team Penske, Chip Ganassi, and others.
NASCAR Legends,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Papyrus,NASCAR Legends is the only game for nostalgic NASCAR fans to turn to.
NASCAR Racers,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Hasbro Interactive,NaN
NASCAR Racing 2,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Papyrus,Allow me to make one crucial point: NASCAR 2 is not a toy.
NASCAR Racing 2002 Season,PC,Driving,89,5.8,E,Papyrus,Race Against Jeff Gordon, Kevin Harvick, Dale Earnhardt Jr., Dale Jarrett, and more in the 2002 Season! Get behind the wheel of a 750 horsepower stock car and battle for the championship on real-life tracks. Get under the hood to fine-tune your car or just jump in and race against the best in Arcade Mode. Feel car vibrations, hear the roar of the engines, and sweat it out racing fender to fender at 180 miles per hour. [Sierra]
O.D.T.: Escape... Or Die Trying,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Psygnosis,Combine the awkward controls with the game's marginal location tracking, and you'll be plunging to your death with alarming frequency.
O.R.B.,PC,Strategy,68,tbd,T,Strategy First,A visually stunning 3D real time strategy game that pits the forces of two planets against each other in an epic struggle for control of the vast asteroid belt that circles their planets. Within the concentric rings of the belt are the precious resources that both planets desperately need to thrive. Millennia Ago, an empire spanning the galaxy collapsed after a long and brutal war. In the Aldus system, two orphaned races slowly evolved on two separate planets. Both races believed that they were unique and alone in the universe. They were soon to find out that they were neither unique nor alone. [Strategy First]
O3DX - Offroad 3DX,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Egamea Pty LTD,NaN
Oasis,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Mind Control Software,Explore the desert and build an empire! Oasis is a fast-paced but challenging strategy game, designed to be played in minutes instead of hours. Spend your turns wisely, develop your kingdom carefully, or watch the barbarian hordes smash it to rubble!
Oath of Genesis,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NoteMode Studios,NaN
Obduction,PC,Adventure,77,8.0,NaN,Cyan Worlds,Everyday life is gone. An organic artifact that fell from the sky inexplicably transports you across the universe. You're in a place called Hunrath, with pieces of earth scattered within an alien landscape. Nobody’s here - well... almost nobody. Explore, uncover, solve, decide. This is your story now.
OBEY,PC,Strategy,No score yet,7.9,NaN,Dan Dez,NaN
Obitus: The Final Departure,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,PigDug_Studios,NaN
Obliteracers,PC,Racing,78,7.4,E,Space Dust Studios, Varkian Empire,Same-screen party racing for up to 16 players. Race brutal-cute aliens on exotic planets, using weapon powerups and physics-based vehicles to annihilate your competition in frantic round-based combat. Connect spare gamepads, laptops and smart devices as extra controllers. 
Obliterate Everything 2 Gold,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,anxobc,NaN
Obliteration Order,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,LightBit,NaN
Oblitus,PC,Action,69,7.0,NaN,Connor Ullmann,Explore your limits against a brutal and mysterious world as Parvus, a curious warrior with no memory and a heavy burden. Raise your spear and cast ancient spells as you battle hostile creatures and towering bosses in procedurally-generated 2D landscapes that are both beautiful and dangerous. Answer the call. Break the cycle. 
Oblivious Garden: Carmina Burana,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,E&Z Studio,Back to the time within human knowledge, humans once appealed to the land they stood on in reverence. The land is called Latoy.
Obludia,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,FobTi interactive,Obludia is an old-school arcade arena action inspired by classics such as Robotron or Smash-TV with RPG elements. You play as a demon hunter whose purpose is to survive in a dangerous dungeons. Fight your way through 50 levels full of thrilling action with hordes of challenging enemies and tough bosses. Enjoy mighty power-ups and deadly weapons! Enter the world of Obludia and SLAY the EVIL!
Obscure,PC,Action Adventure,63,8.0,M,Hydravision,As many highschools, Leafmore High is no longer the highschool it used to be. Its walls are mouldering, its books are outdated, its teachers have lost their faith... Following the disappearance of one of their friends, a group of students decide to investigate their high school. This brave step will lead them into a hell they will never forget. But, no matter what happens, they must stick together if they want to throw light on the dark and sordid history of their school. Play five different students, alone or in cooperation, every one of them having their own special aptitude, and use them wisely to defeat the monsters creeping around. [Hydravision]
Obscure: The Aftermath,PC,Action Adventure,59,7.3,M,Hydravision,(Also known as "Obscure II")  Two years ago, at Leafmore High, a group of young teenagers were trapped inside their school and hunted by monsters that had been released by the maniac headmaster. Some of them survived that terrible night, while others perished. Now, the survivors have picked up their lives and joined college. But all is not right on Fallcreek University; strange black flowers have suddenly sprung up everywhere on the campus. While experimenting with these flowers in class, a dangerous substance is discovered that induces strange but vivid dreams. But a handful of students find out that there is more to the flowers than anyone could have expected; when the seeds finally germinate, a bad trip suddenly turns into a horrible reality... Features 6 charismatic characters with unique skills; unique coop mode: second player can join in at any time; highly detailed and rich 3D environment; find clues and solve various rddles and mysteries; and a vast variety of weapons and horrifying monsters. [Playlogic]
Obscuritas,PC,Adventure,63,3.3,NaN,Visual Imagination Software, Ravenscourt, VIS Games,When Sarah inherits her great-uncle's old country home, she has no idea about the dark secret she has stumbled upon, and the obscure world it will take her to.
Observatory: A VR Variety Pack,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,2DArray,NaN
Obsidian,PC,Adventure,85,8.3,K-A,Rocket Science Games,You, as biochemical engineer Lilah Kerlin, and your partner Max Powers, an environmental engineer, have created the Ceres Project -- an orbiting satellite that releases nanobots into the atmosphere designed to restore the ozone layer and eliminate atmospheric pollution, which has reached a crisis point in the year 2066. After successfully engineering and launching Ceres, the project is left to operate under its own control. With the job complete Lilah and Max decide to go on a long overdue vacation. However, while vacationing they discover a strange black, crystalline growth that is becoming larger every day ? and somehow it seems to be eerily linked to the Ceres Project. [AdventureGamers.com]
Obulis,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.1,NaN,IonFX,Based on the award-winning mobile game of the same name, Obulis takes things to the next level by fusing highly compelling gameplay with outstanding graphics, music and state of the art physics effects.
OCCHIO,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Acerio Games,OCCHIO is a fast-paced puzzle platformer about facing fears, inside a lucid dream. Explore this massive world, conquer obstacles, fight epic bosses to discover the truth behind this strange dream.
Occurrence at JCR Outpost,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Brandon Brizzi,NaN
Ocean City Racing,PC,Driving,No score yet,6.4,NaN,Ocean City Racing Dev Team,Ocean City Racing is an open world indie driving game powered by the Unreal Engine 3 featuring the biggest, most detailed open world environment, advanced driving physics and high quality visuals.
Ocean Express,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,GameHouse,Pack puzzle pieces perfectly onboard the Ocean Express.
Oceanhorn: Monster of Uncharted Seas,PC,Action Adventure,74,6.9,NaN,Cornfox & Bros.,Oceanhorn: Monster of Uncharted Seas melds provocative storytelling, 3D visuals and gameplay into one epic action-adventure experience. In the game you explore the islands of Uncharted Seas, a world chock full of dangers, puzzles and secrets. 
Octamari Rescue,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sumo Digital,NaN
Octave,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Anate Studio,NaN
Octodad: Dadliest Catch,PC,Adventure Games,69,7.6,E10+,Young Horses, Inc,Octodad: Dadliest Catch is a game about destruction, deception, and fatherhood. The player controls Octodad, a dapper octopus masquerading as a human, as he goes about his life. Octodad's existence is a constant struggle, as he must master mundane tasks with his unwieldy boneless tentacles while simultaneously keeping his cephalopodan nature a secret from his human family.
Octopede,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Orbital Games,NaN
Octoshield VR,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Anthony Pigeot,NaN
Odallus: The Dark Call,PC,Action Adventure,80,9.0,NaN,JoyMasher,The old gods have forgotten this land. No one could save our people when darkness started spreading and collecting human souls for its army. Odallus is a classic exploration/action game, inspired by Ghosts’n Goblins, Demon’s Crest and Castlevania.
Oddity,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,OscarBraindeaD,NaN
Oddly Enough: Pied Piper,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Alawar Entertainment, Inc, Alawar Entertainment,NaN
OddPlanet,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Indievision,New in Update 1.2:Currently game support iphone 5 and ipad screens without black bars!Iphone 4 performance fix - game works preety fast!Improved game mechanics - easier player control!Few changes in first levels!Notice Game doesn't support iphone 3gs!OddPlanet is a side-scrolling adventure game inspired by Limbo and Oddworld. You will guide a lone little girl through the hostile environments of an alien planet and help her survive. She will share her feelings and thoughts. Prepare to experience atmospheric sounds, music in stereo and meet fascinating creatures in this beautiful, hand-painted world.Use headphones for best sound quality.Game is available in 5 different languages: - English - German - French - Polish - Russian
Oddworld: Abe's Exoddus,PC,Action,No score yet,8.6,T,Digital Dialect,Abe's peaceful retirement was shattered when visited by a vision from the Mudokon Spirit Guides. Abe™ learned the Magog Cartel was mining Necrum, the sacred Mudokon city of the dead, to collect bones to make super-addictive SoulStorm Brew.
Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee,PC,Action,No score yet,8.6,T,Digital Dialect,Selected by the fickle finger of fate, Abe™, floor-waxer first class for RuptureFarms, was catapulted into a life of adventure when he overheard plans by his boss, Molluck the Glukkon™, to turn Abe and his fellow Mudokons into Tasty Treats as part of a last-ditch effort to rescue Molluck's failing meat-packing empire.
Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee - New 'n' Tasty,PC,Action,87,7.8,T,Just Add Water,Rescue your fellow meat factory slaves in this nostalgic, classic platformer with the latest immersive graphics and design.
Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee - New 'n' Tasty: Alf's Escape,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Just Add Water,Abe, charged with rescuing as many fellow Mudokons as he can, finds one particularly lazy individual - Alf - deep within RuptureFarms. It was previously the stuff of myth and legend, but now it's yours to experience first hand as part of Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty.
Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee,PC,Action,No score yet,6.9,T,Oddworld Inhabitants,Munch, the Gabbit with "odditude," and his sidekick Abe lead an off-beat revolution to save the world.  With their sacred land in jeopardy of being destroyed by the greedy Glukkons, Munch and Abe team up to teach those rascals a lesson by using their chanting prowess to control the enemy, arming themselves with wacky weapons, and acquiring power-ups for extra boosts.  You can switch between Munch and Abe at anytime to utilize each character's unique abilities and access certain areas.
Oddworld: Stranger's Wrath,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.6,T,Just Add Water,In Oddworld Stranger's Wrath, the new chapter the Oddworld series, you'll step into the role of the Stranger--a mysterious bounty hunter who tracks down outlaws for money. Equipped a variety of strange weapons that use small creatures as bullets, you'll explore expansive environments ranging from Old West towns and thick forests to industrial complexes. The game combines first- and third-person action gameplay with familiar Oddworld elements.
Oddworld: Stranger's Wrath HD,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,8.1,NaN,Just Add Water,Stranger vs. OutlawsStranger's Wrath follows the story of Stranger, a fearsome bounty hunter that captures outlaws to raise "moolah" for a mysterious surgical procedure. After encountering the backwater town of the Grubbs, Stranger discovers that there are a few too many secrets about the past and his future as a bounty hunter.
Odd||Even,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,irritatingFLY studio,NaN
Odium,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.6,M,Metropolis Software,Odium is a role-playing game without any puzzles and a tactical combat game with a repetitive, maddening, and simplistic battle engine.
Odysseus: Long Way Home,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Rainbow Games,NaN
Odyssey Reborn,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Jaron Leavitt,NaN
Odyssey: The Search for Ulysses,PC,Adventure,58,tbd,E,In Utero,In spite of its shortcomings, Odyssey remains an enjoyable game, because the story and characters are engaging enough to hold your attention until the conclusion.
OESE,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Alec Smith,NaN
Of Carrots And Blood,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TriteGames, Trite Games,NaN
Of Light and Darkness: The Prophecy,PC,Adventure,58,tbd,NaN,Tribal Dreams,A real-time surrealistic adventure in which the player must redeem the collective souls of a multitude of famous historical figures. More than 30 entities, ranging from Quechua, Mythic Godking of the high Andes (5000 B.C.) to the modern day mass murderer John Wayne Gacy (1994 A.D.), are present and accounted for in the race against the encroaching apocalypse. [AMG]
Of Love And Sorrow,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Niels Bauer Games,NaN
Of Orcs and Men,PC,Role-Playing,69,6.8,RP,Cyanide, Spiders,Of Orcs and Men first puts you into the role of an elite Orc soldier from the legendary legion of Bloodjaws, a league of warriors deeply involved in the war opposing the Orcs and Goblins on one side to their persecutors, Humankind. As a veteran warrior who has seen the most brutal of battles, you are appointed by the Orc commander to complete a mission that could change the course of the war: kill the one man responsible for all of this bloodshed, the one who has, for years, exhorted the human masses to loath and fight the green-skinned people: the Emperor himself.
Off The Record: The Art of Deception Collector's Edition,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Eipix Entertainment,NaN
Off the Record: The Italian Affair,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Eipix Entertainment,NaN
Off the Record: The Linden Shades,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Eipix,NaN
Off-Peak,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cosmo D Studios,NaN
Off-Road Drive,PC,Driving,60,6.4,NaN,Avalon Style,Off-Road Driveis the first game ever to deliver a true-to-life, off-road, extreme racing experience.  Players will take part in The Russian trophy, Off-Road Trial, Thai Trophy and many other events through the worst driving conditions with a variety of natural obstacles like swamps, rocks, snow and sand. 
Off-Road Redneck Racing,PC,Driving,65,tbd,E,Rage Software,Officially endorsed by Leonard and Bubba, this racer is "a blast of seriously fun off-road racing action." Select from 16 different vehicles types - each with three styling variations making for a grand total of 48 unique racing machines - and take on the best drivers in the south across 24 challenging tracks, spread across 6 environments. (Interplay)
Offensive,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Icon Software,Offensive is a sorry, half-baked, dumbed-down, perplexingly incompetent game.
Office Battle,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Black Lime Studio,NaN
Office Freakout,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hollow Robot LLC,Welcome to the world of tedious reports and soul-sucking cubicles. As Philbert, a disgruntled office worker, your objective is to rage, rage, rage! Pick up, punch, and destroy everything in sight. The more you rage, the more you’ll increase your rank and unlock more tools of destruction.
Office Horror Story: Arrival of the Chainsaw Kill,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Poison Games,NaN
Office lovers,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dogenzaka Lab,NaN
Officers,PC,Strategy,64,7.2,E10+,3A Games,Officers puts you in command of the Allied force in the largest conflict of our time. Take control of the US and British armies in order to strike back and defeat the Axis menace on the Western front of Europe. With over 1500 units on maps up to 10 square miles, Officers is the first WWII real time strategy game to let you fight on a truly massive scale. Historical battles like Operation Overlord, Millennium, and Cobra will put your tactical skills to the test using combined forces from infantry. [Tri Synergy]
Official Formula 1 Racing,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Lankhor,Passion, energy and power, fused with commitment and professionalism are essential components of the Formula 1 lifestyle.
Offroad: VR,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,bcInteractive,NaN
Offspring Fling,PC,Miscellaneous,79,6.9,NaN,Kyle Pulver,Offspring Fling is a game about a poor forest creature that has misplaced all of her children. She'll have to fight her way through over 100 levels of action puzzle platforming to get them all back home. There's danger around every corner, but she won't rest until her family is safe again.
Offworld Trading Company,PC,Strategy,79,7.5,NaN,Mohawk Games,Offworld Trading Company is a new direction for real-time strategy, where money is both your deadliest weapon and toughest defense. After the Earth is tapped out and the asteroids claimed by faceless megacorporations, the stark Martian surface is the final frontier on which dreamers and entrepreneurs can make something of themselves by staking their claim to the red planet’s abundant resources and building an economic engine capable of out-producing the competition.
Ogre Stomp,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,azmundai,NaN
OGS Mahjong,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Opensource Game Studio,NaN
Oh My Gore!,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Bumblebee.,NaN
Oh No! Bugs!,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Doomster Entertainment,Oh No! Bugs! Is a casual arcade game where you squash bugs by pushing blocks. Play solo or with friends, locally or online! Customize your tank and unlock new parts as you level up. Make your way into the dungeons where your mission is to squash all the bugs! Each level theme has some special blocks that works differently, like bomb blocks, laser blocks and so on.
Oh Wow an RPG Game,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Maniak Gaming,NaN
OH! RPG!,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,RosePortal Games,NaN
QuesTrix,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cubic Games,QuesTrix is a tetris-like puzzle game that features a variety of power-up skills such as drills and bombs to help clear levels.
QuestRun,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.5,NaN,Cuve,QuestRun is DRM-free, in-app-purchase-free, indie game in alpha !
Quick Draw,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Playing With Matches,NaN
Quick Slick Deadly,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Adventurous Productions,Play as 3 completely different classes. Fighter: Copy enemy attacks. Survivor: Dare to put yourself into danger. Trickster: Balance risk and power. Master the game via step-by-step missions, then show off the hardcore gamer within you with your perfected high-scores and excellent completion times. 
Quickhit NFL Football,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Quick Hit,Quickhit NFL Football is a web-based football game available for play on NFL.com.
Quintessence: The Blighted Venom,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.1,NaN,Freebird Games,NaN
Quintet,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,AwesomeApps.com,You've always dreamed of shouting "Fire the torpedos! More power to the shields!" I have too, and this is why I built Quintet.Quintet is a multiplayer space game where players work harmoniously to control the same ship. There are 5 roles: Captain, Helm, Tactical, Engineering and Science. How successful you are will depend on how well you all work together.Quintet is especially fun to play in the same room with friends.  Don't be shy about playing out your roles in person and using strange accents. There are also single player and two player ships available. Other Great Features:* Desktops, Laptops, and iPads can all play together on the same ship. * Players ships can play with or against other player ships.* The price includes everything! No in-app purchases!Note:* Gameplay requires an Internet connection. * Quintet is graphics intense! Runs best on iPhone5 or iPad 2 and up!
Quip Anomaly,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,mentics,Quip Anomaly is a deep space dodge 'em up game. Guide Virnu to dodge hazards, acquire research, and obtain power ups. As you unlock each level, you will learn more about Virnu and her story.
Quiplash,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,8.4,NaN,Jackbox Games, Inc.,Quiplash is a comedic party game designed with the same irreverence as The Jackbox Party Pack. Up to 8 players compete against one another to improvise clever responses to open-ended questions like “An alternate use for a banana” or “Something you’d be surprised to see a donkey do” before turning to a group vote to determine the best and/or funniest answers.
Quiver (2015),PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Jazzerjjb,NaN
Quizland,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Winter Wolves Game Studio,With Quizland you can test your knowledge through a fun and simple game.
Qvadriga,PC,Strategy,72,4.7,NaN,Turnopia,Qvadriga is a tactical game of chariot racing in ancient Roman circuses, where you take control of a four horse chariot team. Choose your preferred upgrade combinations and prove your skills at the arena. 
R.B.I. Baseball 15,PC,Sports,No score yet,2.3,E,MLB.com,Features authentic ballparks with unique characteristics from every Major League Baseball club. Modify your lineup with complete MLB rosters or play classic R.B.I. Baseball mode with 16 player rosters. Stat tracking by team, player and season league leaders across multiple seasons. Features over 1,000 MLB Players with detailed attributes based on hundreds of millions of data points from the MLB.com database. 
R.B.I. Baseball 16,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,MLB AM,Make the play with your favorite Major League Baseball team and win the World Series! R.B.I. 16 features enhanced lighting and graphics, revamped defensive AI, an improved batting system, and the ability to sim through games in Season mode.
R.C. Bot Inc.,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Blue Budgie Studios,NaN
R.I.P.D. The Game,PC,Action,26,1.6,T,Old School Games,Based on the 3D supernatural action-adventure film, R.I.P.D., you and your partner strap on the holsters of two lawmen assigned to the otherworld to protect and serve the living from an increasingly destructive array of souls who refuse to move peacefully to the other side. Top-notch teamwork and an arsenal of badass weapons are the keys to defeating your enemies and bringing order back to the world.
R.O.O.T.S,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,reMaginarium,NaN
R.U.S.E.,PC,Strategy,76,8.1,T,Eugen Systems,R.U.S.E. is a real-time strategy game that allows players to bluff their enemies to lead their nation to victory, controlling the action using views that range seamlessly from the heart of the battlefield to the full theatre of war. Players are plunged into the action thanks to the exclusive IRISZOOM Engine which offers an intuitive interface that allows for smooth, rapid transitions from a birds-eye view of the entire conflict, down into the heat of the battle and vice versa. In R.U.S.E., players use their brain as the ultimate weapon, fighting a war of perception, where the ability to deceive and mislead the enemy determines success. A first in a strategy game, R.U.S.E. promises to reinvigorate the genre by using deception to give new-found depth to the game play. [Ubisoft]
R.U.S.E. - The Chimera Pack,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,Eugen Systems,The Chimera Pack offers new challenges, including three exclusive multiplayer maps and three exclusive solo operations. 
R/C Helicopter,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Summitsoft Entertainment,It's something to goof around with when you have 10 minutes to kill, but if you want any more than that, you should look elsewhere.
Rabbit Hole 3D,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,JKAPP,NaN
Rabbit Island,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Serhii Vitukhin,NaN
Rabi-Ribi,PC,Action,No score yet,7.9,NaN,CreSpirit,Dodge bullets, missiles and lasers in battle as you wrap your head around that bunny girl costume! Combo away with your mighty Piko Hammer or spam various spells from afar with your fiery fairy friend. Explore and explode through Rabi-Rabi Island as you collect power-ups and uncover secrets.
Rabiez: Epidemic,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sekerin Productions,NaN
Raby,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Respect Studios,NaN
Race & Destroy,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,dev4play, AngryAngelGames,NaN
RACE 07: Official WTCC Game,PC,Driving,83,9.0,E,SimBin,Real Cars. Real Racing. 300 Cars on 32 Tracks. Thats what it's all about in RACE 07.  Enjoy 9 different racing classes, each with its own distinctive character.  From the prestigious World Touring Car Championship to the insance speed of the F3000 class.  These are just a few of the many cars and the classes featured in this ultimate racing curcuits or city tracks and see the track through the unique Helmet Camera or with the immersive Action Camera.  Enjoy RACE 07 and esperience virtural racing like you've never expereinced it before. [Viva Media]
RACE 07: Official WTCC Game - Andy Priaulx Crowne Plaza Raceway,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,SimBin,NaN
RACE 07: Official WTCC Game - Formula RaceRoom,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,SimBin,NaN
RACE 07: Official WTCC Game - GT Power Pack,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,SimBin,NaN
RACE 07: Official WTCC Game - RETRO,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,SimBin,NaN
Race For Your Life,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Otto Lopes,NaN
Race Injection,PC,Driving,72,8.6,NaN,SimBin,After years of success with the RACE series of games, RACE Injection marks the final chapter and closes the series with a real showstopper. Featuring everything from loud classic machines over high-tech touringcars, to the latest cutting edge formula racers, This is one for the ages!
RACE On,PC,Driving,73,8.2,E,SimBin,This is a race of skill, endurance, and a little something called guts! Race On combines the excitement of the World Touring Car Championship (WTCC), Formula and US Muscle Cars all in one of the most realistic simulations ever created. From bug splats to precise shift points, we've held nothing back. Flash some American muscle and discover firsthand why Cadillac’s CTS-V makes lesser cars whimper. Conquer three continents of opponents and take your victory lap in the U.S. of A. Don't miss the complete FIA WTCC ’08 season (one of the most exciting touring car seasons in history) recreated in brilliant detail. [Viva Media]
Race Online,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Iceflake Studios,NaN
Race the Sun,PC,Action,79,7.4,NaN,Flippfly,Race the Sun is an intense action game that could be described as a mash-up of Star Fox and Temple Run with a community focus.
Race To Mars,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,INTERMARUM,NaN
Race.a.bit,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Aesir Interactive,Experience the thrill of retro racing on crazy tracks in the very first social racer – completely in the style of 8 and 16-bit classics. Enjoy the reinterpretation of old-school gameplay in combination with perfect controls and the driving beats of unique artist Bit Shifter!Be creative: Race on self-designed tracks and share them with people all over the world! Countless level objects and a user-friendly editor offer you virtually infinite possibilities to let your creativity run free. Compete against friends and the highest ranking players and beat their times on original tracks and maps created by them! Fight your way to the top of the global leaderboards! Thanks to pick-up-and-play controls, you can jump right in and you'll soon be drifting through the bends and speeding along the virtual tarmac like a pro!FEATURES- A large selection of tracks and vehicles- Powerful level editor with countless objects and functions - Various control modes to suit everybody's style - Fast-paced racing game with a fresh interpretation of the 8-bit/16-bit style- Fantastic soundtrack by Bit Shifter- Global leaderboard system for constant competitionSpecial release offer:- FREE for a limited time!
RACE: The WTCC Game,PC,Driving,81,7.5,E,SimBin,Based on WTCC, one of only three official FIA world championships next to Formula 1 and WRC, RACE features the complete WTCC championship season of 2006, all the cars, drivers and locations, among these several official tracks and cars brand new to the racing game genre. The game is recreating the championship as close to real life as possible and simulates the cars and the driving style in a ultra realistic fashion. RACE delivers several opportunities for beginners to play through step stone introductions such as competing against yourself or your friends in game modes like Ghost Racing or take on the Driver Duels. To keep the game broad RACE ships with various difficulty levels to attract everyone, from hardcore simulation gamers to beginners level still featuring the same elements and a highly realistic driving experience. [Eidos Interactive]
RACE: The WTCC Game - Caterham Expansion,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,SimBin,Celebrating the 50-year anniversary of Caterham Cars Ltd, RACE fans can now expand the WTCC Experience with this exceptional series of classic sportscars. RACE: CATERHAM introduces a total of 60 individual new cars/car skins based on some of the most exciting models in the Caterham sports car range, including the Caterham CSR 200, CSR 260 and the CSR 320 Concept, a concept version with a grueling 320hp.
Racecar.io,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Kastriot Sulejmani,NaN
Racecraft,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Vae Victis,NaN
Racer 8,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.5,NaN,30-06 Studios Ltd, Thirty06 Studios,Racer 8 is the ultimate Rally inspired puzzle game that will have players revving their engines or leave them running on fumes!
RaceRoom Online,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,SimBin,RaceRoom Online lets players race against each other from all over the world.
Racing Manager 2014,PC,Driving,No score yet,4.6,NaN,Comport Interactive,Assume control of one of the pre-defined teams or create your very own and prepare to storm the ranks of the racing world. Hire drivers, mechanics, engineers and designers, put each of them in the perfect position and decide which training sessions are best for your drivers.
Rack N Ruin,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,LifeSpark Entertainment,Join Rack on an epic adventure across a world filled with magic and wonder.  Then watch in astonishment as Rack befouls, corrupts, slaughters, and brings about a general air of misfortune to everything and everyone he confronts.  Chaos reigns in this top-down action adventure rpg that's infused with the intensity of a classic shoot 'em up.    Features
Radial Impact,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Devin Sherry,NaN
Radial-G : Racing Revolved,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Tammeka Games,Climb into the cockpit of a futuristic race craft and tear up the anti-gravity track. Offering single & multi-player action, Radial-G delivers full immersion racing on tubular tracks featuring gut-wrenching twists, jumps, splits & unique inverted racing.
Radiant Defense,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hexage,MILLIONS OF ALIENS WILL DIE! Radiant Defense is a tower defense game set in a vibrant universe invaded by countless alien hordes. Build your space fortress any way you wish, set up wide variety of weapons and traps and let the invasions begin.
Radiator 2,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Robert Yang,NaN
RADICAL HEROES: CRIMSON CITY CRISIS,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,MAD UNICORN GAMES,NaN
RADical ROACH,PC,Action,No score yet,7.1,NaN,Decaying Logic,RADical ROACH is a fast paced shoot em’ up, set minutes after nuclear hell falls from the sky engulfing all but a few tough little bugs.
Radical Spectrum: Volume 1,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Autonomic Interactive,NaN
Radio Control Racers Deluxe: Traxxas Edition,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Sierra Entertainment,While the graphics and sound could have been better, the fast-paced gameplay and circuit options make the game interesting and enjoyable.
Radium,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lukas Jaeckel,NaN
Rag Doll Kung Fu,PC,Action,69,4.9,T,Mark Healey,Imagine having a Kung Fu Fight with string puppets, except you don't have to worry about getting the strings tangled up, and you don't have to have a kung fu fight. You control the characters on screen with the mouse – there are no pre-scripted animations in the game – it's all up to you – to walk, you have to literally pick up one foot, then place it in front of the other. Sounds tricky maybe, but it doesn't take long before you're spinning through the air like a Russian gymnast. This means you get to create your own style, and can act out whatever you feel like, and of course, if you really feel like it, you can have a fight. It's about Chi power. [Mark Healey]
Ragdoll Runners,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Samuel Manier,Ragdoll Runners is a physics-based Track & Field game through which you control independently the two legs of an athlete to compete in different events: sprint, long jump, triple jump, hurdles. Play against the computer, 3 other friends on the same PC or online against other players' replays. 
Rage,PC,Action,79,5.2,M,id Software,An action game set in a post-apocalyptic landscape jam-packed with driving and shooting, created by John Carmack and the rest of the Doom crew.
Rage of Mages,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.7,E,Nival Interactive,It isn't particularly original in any specific regard, but its solid combination of features collectively form a unique and enjoyable role-playing game.
Rage of Mages II: Necromancer,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.4,E,Nival Interactive,It has an entertaining storybook plot and is fun to play, which will make you wish it had the poise and styling of the first-rate role-playing game it doesn't even aspire to be.
Rage of the Battlemage,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,dev4play,NaN
Rage Parking Simulator 2016,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Crimson Duck Studios,NaN
Rage Runner,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hypercane Studios,Rage Runner is a fast paced 3D runner that will challenge your memory and reflexes. Blast through miles of trench in the H-C-S Penetrator (the ship that did the castle run in less than 2 light years) as you avoid an onslaught of fast and furious obstacles.
RAGE: The Scorchers,PC,Action,No score yet,6.8,NaN,id Software,With a burning hatred that consumes all it touches, The Scorchers aim to eliminate all life though a sadistic plot to destroy the Wasteland. What they didn't count on… a hero who fears nothing. Jump back into action with guns blazing and prepare to save humanity once again in RAGE: The Scorchers. With new allies, new weapons and new missions to conquer, you'll take on overwhelming odds to become the savior the Wasteland needs.
Raging Tiger: The Second Korean War,PC,Strategy,54,tbd,NaN,ProSim,Early morning, 11 September 2010, the DMZ erupts in a symphony of death and destruction. Has the blitzkrieg began? It has, but the tanks and helicopters cutting a swath across no man's land aren't heading south - they're going north. The US-ROK invasion has just begun, and soon the Axis of Evil club will lose yet another member. You are there. While the cowardly leftists wail and gnash their teeth, fight for truth, democracy, and world freedom in Raging Tiger: The Second Korean War, taking the battle to another tinpot dictator that would be better off six feet under. Command an arsenal of next generation weapons and the brave warriors that use them as you fight on land, air, and sea. From heavy equipment carriers like HEMMTs to Harrier jump jets to the grunt on the field, Raging Tiger provides players with plenty of nifty toys to wage war with. [Shrapnel Games]
Raging Titan,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mad Vulture Games,NaN
Ragnarok Clicker,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Playsaurus,NaN
Ragnarok Online,PC,Role-Playing,79,8.3,T,Gravity Corporation, Gravity,Ragnarok Online is an massively multiplayer online role-playing game based on Norse mythology. Users can create characters and venture off alone or in groups in far-flung fantasy worlds full of adventure. Players can select from a wide range of job classes that suit their individual playing style. Each job class comes with a unique array of skills and abilities. The strengths and weaknesses of these classes encourages to players of different types to form parties. [Gravity Corporation]
Ragnarok Online 2: Legend of the Second,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,3.4,NaN,Gravity Corporation, Gravity,Ragnarok returns to give you more online role-playing action. Ragnarok Online 2 is the sequel to Ragnarok Online, which sported anime-style graphics.
Ragnarok Online Renewal,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Gravity Corporation, Gravity,Ragnarok Online Renewal  is no ordinary update. It's the biggest single evolution in the 10 year history of the global hit MMORPG which today has an incredible 55 million players worldwide. The update ushers in a new era with countless reworked gameplay systems and enhancements, including a more intuitive interface,  alongside 13 new classes and a host of original characters to journey with through the lands of Rune-Midgard.
Raiden III,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Moss,Raiden III Digital Edition is a revival of the classic Raiden series of scrolling shooter games. Raiden III has new concepts are introduced, which includes a "new 3D scrolling system" that involves the camera pointing down normal to the player while the scenery moves in three dimensions: climbing, descending, and sometimes moving vertically. The blue Laser concept is more like a beam, instead of the ones seen in prior instalments.
Raiden IV: Overkill,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Moss,Instill fear in your enemies with devastating attacks and earn the acclaimed title of Master Ace.
Raiden Legacy,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,DotEmu,Raiden Legacy is a compilation that includes four titles from the Raiden arcade series: Raiden, Raiden Fighters, Raiden Fighters 2 and Raiden Fighters Jet.
RaidersSphere4th,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Rectangle,NaN
RaiderZ,PC,Role-Playing,64,6.6,NaN,Maiet Entertainment,RaiderZ is an action MMORPG based on a non-targeting system, where players will have direct control over their characters and progress during battle versus the traditional "point-and-click" gameplay style. Players can look forward to battling and hunting a myriad of huge monsters that require strategy, skill, and in most cases teamwork.
RaiderZ: Broken Silence,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Maiet Entertainment,Broken Silence is the first expansion to the monster-hunting MMORPG RaiderZ. It brings an increased level cap of 40, new zones, an updated PVP battle arena system, new epic monsters to conquer piece-by-piece, and more.
Rail Adventures,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,exoSyphen Studios,An ancient curse has frozen everything on the old mountain. You have to escape from the mountains before it’s too late. 
Rail Cargo Simulator,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Excalibur Publishing Limited, UIG Entertainment,NaN
Rail Nation USA,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Travian Games GmbH,Lead your railway company from history to the present. 
Rail of War,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Youda Games,NaN
Rail Simulator,PC,Simulation,72,6.9,E,Kuju Entertainment,Rail Simulator is the new train simulation game from Kuju Entertainment. Published by Electronic Arts, the world's largest publisher of computer and video games, Rail Simulator brings the railways to life for everyone from the casual train fan to the dedicated enthusiast. [Kuju Entertainment]
Railroad Lines,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,In Images, InImages,NaN
Railroad Pioneer,PC,Strategy,50,7.3,E,Kritzelkratz,Drive the Gold Spike. Send expeditions into wild unexplored territories. Search for the best routes for the line, and make your fortune. Cross the Continental Divide as you build a massive railroad joining the East Coast with the untapped riches of California. Tame the North West territories and beyond in the 1st story-based railroad simulation. 25 historical locomotives to fuel, manage and upgrade. Hire 13 different professionals as you explore the Wild West. 22 expandable industries from farms to weapons to factories and more! Unique mix of exploration, economics and transportation ? search the wilderness for raw materials, build factories, product transport and sell goods at markets. The only business simulation available with "Fog of War" exploration. Beautifully detailed 3D environment. Multiplayer via land or Internet for up to 4 players. [Encore Software]
Railroad Tycoon 3,PC,Strategy,80,7.7,E,PopTop Software,A fully realised 3D gaming world scaling from eye in the sky views of entire continents down to incredibly detailed close-ups of beautifully modelled locomotives, buildings and landscapes. As well as the 25 challenging scenarios to recreate magnificent feats of railroading history, players can pick from over 40 locomotives over 35 different cargoes and in excess of 150 buildings ? all to be used in a dynamic, fluid economy. Railroad Tycoon 3 defines the essence of tycoon simulations with incredible attention to detail in a living, breathing world, built around a truly amazing game! All aboard. [Gathering of Developers]
Railroad Tycoon II,PC,Strategy,89,8.5,E,PopTop Software,Ride the Iron Horse. It can take you from New York to South Africa. It can take you from the year 1804 to the year 2000. It can take you from penniless manual laborer to powerful multi-millionaire. It can take you from a normal, well-adjusted, well-rounded person to an obsessed, singled-minded, one-tracked trainhead. This is a real railroad game, not just a strategy game that happens to involve railroads. If you want to hop on a plane, car or ship, hop on another game. This game is about trains for people who love trains. Everything about the game is centered around an authentic look and feeling of the railways. Period video and pictures are interlaced with the game. The design and interface are true to the character of the fabled late 1800's railroads. A.I. opponents are based on real people. And all maps are real (based on satellite photography from US Geological Service and other sources). [Gathering of Developers]
Railroad Tycoon II Gold Edition,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,PopTop Software,NaN
Railroad Tycoon II: The Second Century,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,PopTop Software,For fans of Railroad Tycoon II who may have exhausted the original scenarios and campaigns, The Second Century adds some hefty new challenges.
Railroad X,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TREND, Soft Pro, Trend Verlag,With Railroad X you can build complex railway worlds on your PC or notebook and it is possible to control trains as a train driver. You can control the entire rail traffic with a sophisticated signal system. Build train consists from steam, diesel and electric locomotives, passenger and freight cars. 
Rails Across America,PC,Strategy,81,8.0,E,Flying Lab Software,A game of railroad empires in North America, covering the period from 1830 to the near future. It is a real-time strategy with a "sim" flavor. Rails allows hundreds of tracks with thousands of trains crossing the continent. Players must focus on where to expand, where to compete, and when to call in favors from government officials, union leaders, and other powerful figures.  [Strategy First]
RailWorks,PC,Simulation,No score yet,6.9,E,RailSimulator.com,A railroad simulator.
RailWorks 2: Train Simulator,PC,Simulation,No score yet,7.2,E,RailSimulator.com,RailWorks 2will be the most significant leap forward for rail simulators in a decade, offering a range of new features to make it more accessible to newcomers, plus enhancements and additional features to deliver greater playability and realism for experienced users. The core kit contains everything a player needs to set up and begin operating an extensive railroad, including train simulation, landscaping tools and downloadable content, and the software is updated automatically after purchase. 
Railworks 3: Train Simulator 2012,PC,Simulation,67,6.4,E,RailSimulator.com,Train Simulator 2012 promises to be the most advanced train simulator in the world, with the most up to date graphics available for the PC and numerous technical innovations to create the most immersive sense of reality yet seen in a PC simulation. Every aspect of gameplay and the in-game environment is designed to make the player feel that they are controlling the locomotive. 
RailWorks Challenger,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,RailSimulator.com,In the 1930s, with freight traffic increasing, the Union Pacific Railroad was struggling to get trains over the rugged grades of the Wahsatch Mountains. To stay competitive, a more powerful locomotive was needed to speed up the railroad and to reduce the rising cost of helpers and extra trains. An original design of 4-12-2 was proposed, but after much deliberation, an arrangement of 4-6-6-4 was finalised and the Challenger was born. In August 1936, number 3900 was the first to enter revenue earning service with a refrigerator train from Council Bluffs. A total of 252 were eventually operating around North America.
Railyard: Match-3 Evolved,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Kyr Dunenkoff,NaN
Rain Blood Chronicles: Mirage,PC,Action,68,7.1,NaN,S-Game,Related as a “Wuxia” story, which literally means "martial hero", Mirage captures the essence of a broad genre of Chinese fiction concerning the adventures of martial artists. Shrouded in secrecy, an organization of assassins wreak havoc on the local populace. 
Rainblood: Town of Death,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,3.0,NaN,Soulframe, S-Game,An indie RPG which makes extreme use of RPG maker to create a cold and dark world in free-hand style. The adventure of a tragic bladesman, a dark drama in a deserted town, and a complex plot controlled by an invisible power. Rainblood: Town of Death, a mini-RPG with a dramatic experience.
Rainbow Bombs,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Intrepid_War,NaN
Rainbow Hero,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Pixel Elephant,NaN
Rainbow Mystery,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,Help Lily solve puzzles and bring life and color back to the Rainbow world.
Rainbow Web,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Sugar Games,NaN
Raining Blobs,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Endi Milojkoski,Raining Blobs is a fast-paced arcade puzzle game based around matching falling blocks, featuring anime-style artwork. Prove that you have what it takes to survive the endless blob rain with up to 16 players.
Raise Your Own Clone,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,CoaguCo Industries,You are about to uncover four twisted tales of misadventure surrounding people connected, in some way, by the late Dr. Cyrus Stansfield's cloning machine. Within these stories you must face the ethical dilemmas and possible fortune while guiding each character to their own end.
Rake,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Konsordo,NaN
RalliSport Challenge,PC,Driving,77,6.4,E,Digital Illusions,RalliSport Challenge delivers an action-packed racing experience by combining four different types of Rally competition into one pulse-pounding game: Hill Climb, traditional Rally, RallyCross, and Ice Racing. This variety of race types allows for gamers to experience traditional rally racing against the clock, as well as fierce, wheel-to-wheel grudge matches against computer opponents or over a network against friends. With 29 licensed cars (and several ?bonus? vehicles), 48 tracks, realistic AI opponents, and spectacular crashes with realistic car damage, RalliSport Challenge packs more fun and thrills into every race across a variety of terrain. [Microsoft]
Rally Challenge (1997),PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Silver Lightning,NaN
Rally Championship,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,REEVEsoft,One of those rare sims that makes you a fan of a sport you've never even thought about before.
Rally Copters,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Depth First Games,2.5D physics-driven, helicopter time-trial game
Rally Point 2,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Xform,Rally Point 2 is a sequel to the popular game Rally Point, originally released on several game portals in 2009. Rally Point 2 has all the good stuff of its predecessor and combines this with new tracks, more cars and exciting challenges.
Rally Trophy,PC,Driving,82,8.6,E,Bugbear,The first ?historic" rally simulation. The game includes 12 classic racecars such as the Ford Cortina, the Fiat 600 Abarth and the Morris Mini Cooper, all of which have been modelled in great detail and extremely realistically. [JoWood Productions]
RAM BOE,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,pointfiveteam,NaN
Rama,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,K-A,Sierra Entertainment,If what you're looking for in an adventure game is plenty of challenging puzzles, you'll be in high heaven with Rama.
Ramayana,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Rakesh Malik,NaN
S.C.A.R.S.,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Vivid Image,Falling somewhere between Super Mario Kart and Wipeout, Ubi Soft's S.C.A.R.S. mixes cute graphics with familiar arcade racing, power-ups and all.
S.K.I.L.L.: Special Force 2,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dragonfly GF Co., LTD,NaN
S.O.R.S,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Science: Gamed,NaN
S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Call of Pripyat,PC,Action,80,8.7,M,GSC Game World,The events of S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Call of Pripyat unfold shortly after the end of S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Shadow of Chernobyl. Having discovered about the open path to the Zone center, the government decides to hold a large-scale military "Fairway" operation aimed to take the CNPP under control. According to the operation's plan, the first military group is to conduct an air scouting of the territory to map out the detailed layouts of anomalous fields location. Thereafter, making use of the maps, the main military forces are to be dispatched. Despite thorough preparations, the operation fails. Most of the avant-garde helicopters crash. In order to collect information on reasons behind the operation failure, Ukraine's Security Service send their agent into the Zone center. From now on everything depends on the player. [GSC GameWorld]
S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Clear Sky,PC,Action,75,7.7,M,GSC Game World,The story of S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Clear Sky brings the players one year prior to the events of the original S.T.A.L.K.E.R. game in 2011. A group of stalkers has for the first time reached the very heart of the Zone - Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant, and brings about a cataclysm on the brink of a catastrophe. An immense blow-out of anomalous energy changes the Zone. There are no more reliable and relatively safe roads. The entire levels vanish in the outbursts of anomalies. Stalkers and even expeditions die or end up sealed on the lost territories. New areas, which remained unknown since the time of the Zone emergence, appear on the Zone map. The Zone continues to shake with blowouts. The Zone is unstable. The anomalous activity is at its maximum. Changes of the Zone map known to stalkers shake the fragile balance of forces in the Zone. Among the groupings, there flare up hostilities for the new territories, artefact fields and spheres of influence. There are no more old enemies or friends - now everyone is for himself. The Factions War has started between the groupings. [Deep Silver]
S.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Shadow of Chernobyl,PC,Action,82,8.4,M,GSC Game World,The player will become a stalker, a guy who earns money from shoveling embers out of infernal oven of Chernobyl Zone. Returning from the radioactivity-blazing Zone, he will sell anomalous formations to underground dealers and scientists in research camps on the Zone border. With the money procured, the player will purchase equipment, weapons and protective suits allowing him to reach previously inaccessible areas. This is a role-playing game without growing experience of your character, without changing characteristics and levels. We want the player to develop his real mastery, moreover Stalker is an FPS/RPG game and much depends on his ability to fight. [GSC Game World]
S.W.A.P (Subterfuge Weapons Assessment Program),PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,chaostheorygames,NaN
S.W.I.N.E.,PC,Strategy,65,8.7,T,Stormregion,The Pig National Army, following the orders of the notorious SteelFang, has attacked across the border of CarrotLand and the Rabbit capital is now under siege. The happy-go-lucky rabbits' only hope to save their country is to launch a guerilla-styled counterattack using a light, mobile shock force comprised of their remaining units under the player's command, in this hillarious RTS. [Fishtank Interactive]
S4 League,PC,Action,No score yet,6.2,NaN,Pentavision Entertainment, Neowiz Entertainment,Developed by Neowiz Games, S4 League is a fast-paced, online third-person shooter which features eight character types with unique arsenals and skillsets. Weapons and items can also be upgraded to maximize damage and effects, creating a deep experience and wide variety of strategic options. Gameplay modes are heavily team-focused, rewarding players for thinking of others before thinking about themselves.
S4 League Dark Lighting,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Burda:ic,The S4 League Dark Lightning expansion features two new weapons, the shootingstar spark rifle and shockwave gun, as well as a new in-game event.
S4 League: Season 2 - Iron Eyes,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Neowiz Entertainment,Set on top of iron pillars in the sky, the new “Skyline” map will introduce players to some truly dangerous aerial gunplay. With designated jump points throughout the map, players will be challenged to effectively use their surroundings to take out opponents both in the air and on the ground. Players who aren’t a fan of heights will have the alternative option of playing on “Ironheart,” a new sphere-shaped map wrought out of cold iron. They’ll need to be cautious of their surroundings in this metallic maze, however, as this map also houses unstable nuclear reactions that can pack a real punch.
SaberSaw VR,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Destined,Enter a new world. Take the role of warrior controlling giant SaberSaws to defend yourself from waves of ever more challenging bots. Slice bots that come close with your sword, deflect lasers with your shield. Complete challenges to unlock new game modes. SabreSaw uses 2 vive controllers and you can switch the controller between sword and shield at any time by pressing the trigger. Just slice a TV with your sword to start!
Sabre Ace: Conflict Over Korea,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Eagle Interactive,It's unfortunate that there are so many failings in Sabre Ace, since the overall package, subject matter, and mission structure are all good.
Sabres of Infinity,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hosted Games,Fight for glory as an officer of the Royal Tierran Army in a rich, low-fantasy world where gunpowder and magic rule the battlefield. Choose a horse, pick a sergeant and lead a unit of Royal Dragoons through five years of brutal war.  Battle your enemies with your mind, your wits or with pistol and sword. Earn the loyalty of your subordinates and the friendship of your fellow officers, or betray them for your own gain. As armies, heroes and philosophies clash in the forests of the north, your choices could mean the difference between everlasting glory and an ignominious death.
Sabrina the Teenage Witch: Brat Attack,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hypnotix,NaN
Sabrina the Teenage Witch: Spellbound,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Rare Medium,NaN
Sacra Terra: Angelic Night,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Viva Media, Viva Media, LLC,NaN
Sacraboar,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Makivision Games,Sacraboar is a real-time capture-the-pig strategy game. You command your units like you do in well-known real-time strategy games. Your goal is to get the enemy's pig trophy and protect your own from being stolen. To take the enemy's pig trophy you have to send one of your units to the enemy's pig stand to grab it. When the unit has taken the trophy you need to send it back to your own pig stand to score. [Makivision]
Sacrament of the Zodiac: The Confused Sheep and The Tamed Wolf,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NaN,NaN
Sacred,PC,Role-Playing,74,7.8,T,Ascaron Entertainment GmbH,Sacred's Dynamic World of Exploration. Unlike any other fantasy action RPG, Sacred offers players an enormous world comprised of 16 regions with virtually unlimited opportunities for exploration. This world contains highly detailed landscapes, complete with villages and towns and even a day/night cycle with varying weather systems. Regions vary from forests and mountains to deserts, catacombs and ice-covered landmasses. More than three quarters of the world are open to the players from the very start - no unlocks needed. [Encore Software]
Sacred 2 - Fallen Angel: Ice and Blood,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.8,NaN,Deep Silver,With "Ice and Blood", Sacred and action RPG fans can look forward to an elaborate new development with numerous new features, promising many additional hours of exciting gaming fun, and adding to the value and replayability of the original game. The expansion introduces the Dragon mage, an additional main character, as well as interesting quests and stories that whisk the player away to new adventures in Ancaria. Moreover, the add-on contains two new, unique locations and previously unknown enemies, who will challenge action RPG gamers with unique tactics of their own. Add to that new in-game items for each main character of "Sacred - Fallen Angel", and plenty more useful, innovative features. "Ice and Blood" requires an installation of the original game.
Sacred 2: Fallen Angel,PC,Role-Playing,71,6.9,M,Ascaron Entertainment GmbH,Ancaria already awaits you! The mighty realm of the Highelves lies in ruins. The raging war for control over the T-Energy wears down the land and lures its denizens into fear and chaos. The world calls for a hero to end this war. Accompany six characters through the mystic - technological universe of Sacred 2: Fallen Angel. Dwell on dreary paths or follow the ways of the light. The decision is yours alone, but be aware this decision will 
Sacred 2: Gold Edition,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.7,NaN,Ascaron Entertainment GmbH,Experience the world of Ancaria in its full glory with Sacred 2: Gold Edition. Containing Sacred 2 Fallen Angel and the awesome add-on Ice and Blood. Defeat countless dangerous enemies; capture powerful weapons and valuable treasures. Prepare yourself for the ultimate battle and become a legend.
Sacred 3,PC,Role-Playing,57,1.4,M,Deep Silver,After decades of peace a new shadow is cast over the world of Ancaria. Only if the clans from across the lands combine their skills the glimmer of hope left within the resistance will ignite a fierce battle for peace.
Sacred 3: Malakhim Hero,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Deep Silver,NaN
Sacred 3: Orc of Thrones,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Deep Silver,NaN
Sacred 3: Underworld Story,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Deep Silver,NaN
Sacred Citadel,PC,Action,61,5.5,T,Southend Interactive,Sacred Citadel lets you and your friends join the resistance in order to defeat the evil Ashen empire that has enslaved its population and is using the orc-like Grimmoc to wipe out the Seraphim, who swore to protect it.
Sacred Citadel: Jungle Hunt,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Southend Interactive,The battle has been won, but the war is not over yet! 'Big Mama', the malodorous leader of the evil Grimmoc has escaped with the stolen Seraphim artifact into the menacing jungles of Ancaria! Bring 'Big Mama' to justice and retrieve the valuable item. Gather together once again, combine your friend's skills and enjoy this enthralling new chapter of Sacred Citadel.
Sacred Gold,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.2,T,Ascaron Entertainment GmbH,Now you can live the adventurer's life in the fantasy role-playing game Sacred. The game lets you play as six different heroes, including the fierce Gladiators and the warrior Seraphim, as they pursue quests and gain unique powers. As you progress through single-player missions or multiplayer modes, you'll rely on your sword arm, spells, and skills to achieve victory. Heroes can even cast spells, fight hand-to-hand, and fire ranged weapons while riding on horses.
Sacred Line,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sasha Darko,NaN
Sacred Line Genesis Remix,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sasha Darko,Sacred Line Genesis is a brand new Graphic Adventure game which was developed exclusively for Sega Mega Drive / Genesis console. Its an extended version of the original Sacred Line game.
Sacred Soul,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Oliveair Games,The world of Etheria is ruled by the Deva, gods of the world. However when circumstances place a Monk of the Order of Light which protects Antarius the Deva of light in the wrong place at the wrong time. The world is placed into a new perspective to the young Monk, forcing them into a journey that seems led by destiny itself.
Sacred Underworld,PC,Role-Playing,73,7.7,T,Ascaron Entertainment GmbH,Sacred Underworld the first official expansion pack for the award winning PCCD role play game, Sacred. It continues to tell the story of the kingdom of Ancaria, which is now facing a dreadful threat coming from its very depths. After Shaddar's demise, the player is drawn into the depths and faces a completely new, bizarre, bright and vast underworld. After many adventures above and below the world's surface, the hero will finally stand before the Portal of Hell, in an intense and dramatic climax. [Ascaron]
Sacrifice,PC,Strategy,89,8.8,M,Shiny Entertainment,Sacrifice provides a truly fresh approach in the 3-D RTS genre, allowing players to act as both commander and combatant over huge, real-time, generated landscapes in single or multiplayer modes. Wizards will not be disappointed as Sacrifice serves up over 50 spells and creatures. [Interplay]
Saddle Up: Time to Ride,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,Saddle Up: Time to Ride lets you experience what it's like to have your very own horse, providing it with all the necessary attention and care that every championship horse needs. Feed, clean, groom, and brush your horse before taking it out to practice your riding skills. The more fit and trained your horses are, the better they'll perform in competition. You can also compete in several show-jumping and cross-country events as you work your way toward becoming an accomplished equestrian.
Safe Cracker,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Supergonk Ltd.,NaN
Safecracker: The Ultimate Puzzle Adventure,PC,Miscellaneous,69,7.0,E,Kheops Studio,You are hired by the wealthy family of a recently deceased billionaire to search for the last will and testament of their late relative, Duncan Walter Adams, who was “eccentric” to say the least.  He has hidden the deed to his riches in one of the safes scattered in his magnificent mansion.  The deceased billionaire also happened to be an avid safe collector and you have been hired to crack all 35 of them!  The stakes are high and the clues are scarce.  You will need your experience, wits, deductive reasoning and puzzle solving skills to earn your pay check. [Adventure Company]
Safety Driving Simulator: Car,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,UIG Entertainment,NaN
Safety Driving Simulator: Motorbike,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,UIG Entertainment,NaN
Safety First,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,JCO,Safety First! is a twin stick physics puzzler in which you have to fix broken electric wires using your Magical Yellow Repair Liquid (MYRL). Get ready for a challenging journey through a variety of gameplay mechanics and hilarious sound design. Can you beat all 69 levels?
Saga,PC,Role-Playing,61,8.0,NaN,Wahoo Studios,SAGA is a persistent world RTS in an epic fantasy setting. Players collect troops, build armies, conquer new lands and build up kingdoms, complete with resource collection, city building and peasant management. SAGA's features include massive armies, multiplayer questing, guild wars, espionage, and an auction house for trading troops and spells. SAGA has no subscription fees. Players pay as little or as much as they decide, by purchasing 'booster packs' of random troops and spells, which are traded and customized to create the strategic army of choice for each player. [Silverlode Interactive]
Sage Fusion,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Kidalang,Sage Fusion is a hybrid between Role-Playing Game (RPG), adventure game, and visual novel, featuring turn-based battle system, more than 70 hand-drawn background and story illustrations, and an engaging space opera storyline that is told through the gameplay. Explore the futuristic city of Capistad, the capital of the Galactic Union.
Sage Fusion 2,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Kidalang,Set in a futuristic universe in which artificial intelligence is considered religious taboo, Sage Fusion 2 tells the adventure of a businessman and his bodyguard who descent to an underground world, trying to get back their reportedly stolen spaceship after it fell and crashed in the middle of the cityan accident behind which lies a conspiracy that involves the galactic government, the military, the church, and centuries-old historical legend. 
Saikyou no Igo: Deep Learning,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Unbalance,NaN
Sail Simulator 5 Deluxe Edition,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,RP,Stentec Software,Sail Simulator 5 Deluxe Edition sailors will experience every aspect of handling a sailboat in a variety of wind conditions.  They will sail by themselves, with highly detailed boats, crews, and animations, or race against other virtual sailors from all over the world.  
Saint Seiya: Soldiers' Soul,PC,Action,No score yet,6.3,T,Dimps Corporation,The 12 Gold Saints are coming back to burn their cosmos with outstanding graphics, solid gameplay, characters from the whole series.
Saints and Sinners Bowling,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Large Animal,Saints and Sinners Bowling is an arcade-style bowling game with unlockable balls and powerups.
Saints Row 2,PC,Action Adventure,72,6.8,M,Volition Inc., CD Projekt Red Studio, CD Projekt, CD Projekt Localisation Centre,Saints Row 2 is set years after the original Saints Row in a Stilwater both familiar and strange. The explosive conclusion to Saints Row has left the player wounded, betrayed and thirsty for revenge, and now it's time to take back the city that has forgotten him. A sequel to the first open-world title on next-generation consoles, Saints Row 2 features all new customization options, including gender, age, voice, crib and gang customization. The sandbox just got larger with a totally transformed and expanded city of Stilwater, offering all new locations to explore with new vehicles, including motorcycles, boats, helicopters and planes. Saints Row 2 is playable online in 2-player co-op through the entire single-player campaign or in the all new open-world competitive multiplayer mode never before seen in the genre. [THQ]
Saints Row IV,PC,Action Adventure,86,7.4,M,Volition Inc.,Saints Row IV is an open world game that continues the story of the Third Street Saints by elevating their status to the highest level - the leaders of the free world. After a catastrophic alien invasion occurs where the aliens trasnport the Saints to a bizarro-Steelport simulation, you must fight to free humanity from alien grandaddy Zinyak's mental grasp by ultiziling gargantuan superpowers. Escape the simulation that's trapped the Saints crew, or die trying.
Saints Row IV: Enter the Dominatrix,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.3,NaN,Volition Inc.,Enter the Dominatrix reveals the wild hijinx of the original vision of the canceled SR3 expansion. Steelport has been taken over by the Dominatrix and only the Saints can stop her from trapping everyone in a virtual prison! Includes behind-the-scenes commentary and the return of some fan-favorite characters.
Saints Row IV: Game of the Century Edition,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,6.8,M,Volition Inc.,NaN
Saints Row IV: Hey Ash, Whatcha Playin'? Pack,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Volition Inc.,Shes playing Saints Row IV, thats what. Ash. Anthony. Papa Burch. Now available as homies. Who better to back the Boss than the Saints biggest fans? Would you kindly buy this pack?
Saints Row IV: How the Saints Save Christmas,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,6.2,M,Volition Inc.,If you already own the Season Pass DO NOT purchase this content here as you will be charged again. How the Saints Save Christmas (1953) - Santa is trapped inside the Simulation but the Scrooge-like Boss of the Third Street Saints can't muster enough Christmas spirit to save him. Can the Saints help the Boss discover the true meaning of the season in time? A holiday classic for the whole family.
Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell,PC,Action Adventure,66,6.2,M,Volition Inc.,Get with Johnny Gat & Kinzie Kensington as you tear apart Hell in a mission to save the Boss’ soul. Historic icons, old friends, older enemies, a talking gun, a full length musical number and more shenanigans await you.
Saints Row: The Third,PC,Action Adventure,84,8.1,M,Volition Inc.,Years after taking Stilwater for their own, the Third Street Saints have evolved from street gang to household brand name, with Saints sneakers, Saints energy drinks and Johnny Gat bobble head dolls all available at a store near you. The Saints are kings of Stilwater, but their celebrity status has not gone unnoticed. The Syndicate, a legendary criminal fraternity with pawns in play all over the globe, has turned its eye on the Saints and demands tribute. Refusing to kneel to the Syndicate, you take the fight to a new city, playing out the most outlandish gameplay scenarios ever seen. Strap it on. 
Saints Row: The Third - Gangstas in Space,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,5.8,M,Volition Inc.,A new movie is being shot in Steelport and you're the star! Join with your co-star, Jenny, to fight the alien invasion for the film Gangstas In Space. With spaceships and alien weaponry, this retro-style film is sure to be a hit!
Saints Row: The Third - Genki Bowl VII,PC,Action,No score yet,4.8,M,Volition Inc.,A genius in entertainment and mayhem, the man-cat Professor Genki has put together the most watched game show event on TV, Genkibowl VII. But every game show needs a star contestant, and Professor Genki has chosen the leader of the Saints. With the Saints' reputation for excessive murder and carnage Steelport's own Zach and Bobby will give the play-by-play commentary with their newest colleague, Tammy Tolliver.
Saints Row: The Third - Penthouse Pack,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.0,M,Volition Inc.,Ass kicking just got a whole lot better looking. Introducing the Saints Row: The Third Penthouse Pack, featuring Penthouse Pets Nikki Benz, Justine Joli, Ryan Keely, and Heather Vandeven. Add these well-dressed Pets to your gang and call them into combat anytime to do battle against the Syndicate. For the first time in your life, when you call Penthouse Pets, they'll actually answer.
Saints Row: The Third - The Trouble with Clones,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,5.6,M,Volition Inc.,Help the Saints' biggest fan, Jimmy Torbitson, stop his Saints clone from terrorizing the city by using the new Bee Gun and unlocking the true power in Saints Flow. In the end, maybe even save a lost friend in the process.
Saira,PC,Action,No score yet,6.9,NaN,nifflas,Saira teleported herself to Mars, but when she reached the planet all other humans in the galaxy had mysteriously disappeared. Now, how does something like that happen? Saira is a two dimensional puzzle platformer for Windows 2000 or later.
SAKIS - Underworld,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,CHV'OK Studio,NaN
Sakkyuba * Soon!,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NaN,The protagonist's father makes a deal with a devil. Shortly thereafter, a succubus visits the hero's home. She was there to fulfill his father's contract. However, she falls in love with our hero at first sight, and decides to live with him and his sister-in-law instead. Soon the succubus' mother comes knocking, and even she wants to move in on the action! Of course, being succubae, they need to get laid once in a while to keep going--might as well give them what they want!
Sakura Angels,PC,Adventure,No score yet,6.1,NaN,Winged Cloud,Two girls, blessed with magical powers, are faced with the task of saving the lonely protagonist from the clutches of a mysterious witch and ancient evil, sealed away long ago by his ancestors. What does this sorceress want from our protagonist?
Sakura Beach,PC,Adventure,No score yet,3.6,NaN,Winged Cloud,NaN
Sakura Beach 2,PC,Adventure,No score yet,5.5,NaN,Winged Cloud,NaN
Sakura Clicker,PC,Action,No score yet,5.2,NaN,Winged Cloud,NaN
Sakura Dungeon,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.0,NaN,Winged Cloud,NaN
Sakura Fantasy,PC,Adventure,No score yet,2.6,NaN,Winged Cloud,NaN
Sakura Nova,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Winged Cloud,NaN
Sakura Santa,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Winged Cloud,NaN
Sakura Shrine Girls,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Winged Cloud,Two cat girls appear before Toru, a skeptical priest in training. One of them carries herself with dignity and grace, while the other lives her days without a single care. With them, Toru slowly realises that there is more to this world than there seems.
Sakura Space,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Winged Cloud,NaN
Sakura Spirit,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,5.6,NaN,Winged Cloud,Rising Judo Star, Gushiken Takahiro, was about to have the match that would make or break his career in two weeks. A championship match where the winner is then signed up to be a young national athlete for Japan. He was very determined to win, in order to fulfill his dreams of finally representing his country for a sport he loves so much. 
Sakura Swim Club,PC,Adventure,No score yet,6.0,NaN,Winged Cloud,In Sakura Swim Club, follow the story of Kaede, just your average high school guy. Upon transferring to a new school, he meets two beautiful girls in the swim club. Things haven't gone well for the swim club lately, but with Kaede's help, that all changes. 
Salammbo: Battle of Carthage,PC,Adventure,77,7.6,T,Cryo Interactive,In 264 BC, Hannibal's proud city has just been overrun by its rival Rome in the first Punic War. Tired of waiting to be paid, the mercenaries who fought for Carthage against Rome revolted and laid siege to the city. In the very heart of the disruptions and massacres, Salammbo, the daughter of the Shophet Hamilcar, commander of the Carthaginian forces, falls in love with the chief of the rebels, Matho, who is leading the war against the city. Portraying Spendius, an escaped slave and companion of Matho, the player will discover the fantastic history of these mercenaries who fought against Carthage. Spendius is a survivor and an opportunist more than a conqueror. He is a man who stays in the shadows, much more suited to slipping in the night into an enemy city than confronting an enemy face to face...To save his life, he will have to encourage this war and try to take advantage of the disturbances to gain power, fortune and perhaps the love of the beautiful Salammbo. [DreamCatcher]
Salem: The Crafting MMO,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,RP,Paradox Interactive,Salem is a free-to-play crafting massively multiplayer online role-playing game set in a mythical version of New England. 
Sally's Law,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nanali Studios,Follow along with Sally, an extraordinarily lucky girl for whom nothing can stand in her way, as she journeys home to see her critically-ill father in this indie award-winning puzzle-platformer! Could Sally's luck be a mere coincidence?
Sally's Quick Clips,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Games Cafe Inc.,NaN
Sally's Salon,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,GamesCafe, Inc.,Help Sally spread her salon savvy from the shopping mall to the glittering lights of Hollywood in this stylish and engaging challenge based on the 2007 #1 PC game on RealArcade. Work with Sally to revamp everyone, from little old ladies to punk rocke ...
Salmon Ninja,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Krax Games,NaN
Salt,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lavaboots Studios,NaN
Salt and Sanctuary,PC,Action,84,7.9,NaN,Ska Studios,Salt and Sanctuary  is a 2D hardcore action RPG that blends the brutal signature combat of The Dishwasher with an unforgiving world of demons and dungeons, traps and treasure, and gallows and graveyards.
Salt Lake 2002,PC,Sports,44,tbd,E,Attention To Detail,Fetaures 16 countries and six events (Men's Alpine Skiing Downhill, Ladies' Alpine Skiing Slalom, Men's Snowboard Parallel Giant Slalom, Women's Freestyle Skiing Aerials, Men's Ski Jumping K120 Individual, and Men's Two-man Bobsleigh ), authentic Olympic environments and competitive multi-player modes with fluid real-time animation and TV-style camera presentation creating an ultra-realistic and challenging sports gaming experience. [Eidos Interactive]
Salvation of Gastagen,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,LigaGamesStudio,NaN
Salvation Prophecy,PC,Simulation,No score yet,7.5,NaN,Firedance Games,NaN
Salvo!,PC,Action Adventure,58,tbd,NaN,Spruegames,Travel back in time to an era when battles for the supremacy of the sea lanes was decided by brave men commanding massive fortresses of floating wood and cloth. No radar lock- ons, just the Mark I eyeball, and no guided missiles, just heavy orbs of iron. Battle would be joined so close together that you could practically see what your enemy had for lunch by spotting the stains on his uniform. This was an era of steel nerves and sound tactics, of sea knowledge and possessing a little bit of Poseidon's own luck. Spruegames' Salvo! recreates this era. [Shrapnel Games]
Sam & Max Episode 101: Culture Shock,PC,Adventure,81,8.7,T,Telltale Games,Culture Shock begins as Sam and Max discover that a group of former child stars have become involved in nefarious deeds. Only the six foot dog and his cunning rabbit companion can unravel the mystery! [Telltale Games]
Sam & Max Episode 102: Situation: Comedy,PC,Adventure,79,7.9,T,Telltale Games,Talk show host Myra Stump has gone berzerk! Sam & Max head down to the WARP TV studio to find out why she's holding her audience hostage. But getting onto Myra's state isn't going to be easy. First the Freelance Police will have to prove they're worthy of fifteen minutes of fame. [Telltale Games]
Sam & Max Episode 103: The Mole, the Mob and the Meatball,PC,Adventure,74,8.2,NaN,Telltale Games,The commissioner is looking into an underground operation at the Ted E. Bear Mafia-Free Playland and Casino, but the mole he sent in has suddenly gone quiet. To find the mole, Sam & Max must infiltrate the operation and become members of the Toy Mafia themselves. [Telltale Games]
Sam & Max Episode 104: Abe Lincoln Must Die!,PC,Adventure,80,7.8,NaN,Telltale Games,The president's lost it. Federally mandated group hugs, a pudding embargo...what's next, gun control? Sam & Max are off to Washington to take care of this bozo, but the political climate will only get stormier...and a new power will rise. [TellTale Games]
Sam & Max Episode 105: Reality 2.0,PC,Adventure,82,8.4,NaN,Telltale Games,With an internet crisis looming and a viral video game holding its players hostage, in this episode Sam and Max need to slip into a new reality to set things right. Can our heroes crack this virtual case in time to avoid a worldwide system failure? [Telltale Games]
Sam & Max Episode 106: Bright Side of the Moon,PC,Adventure,79,7.3,T,Telltale Games,What started out as a local mind-control scheme has grown to global proportions, and Sam & Max are off to the moon to save the entire planet from a lifetime of hypnotic enslavement. But when chaos collides with tranquility, have the Freelance Police finally met their match? [Telltale Games]
Sam & Max Episode 201: Ice Station Santa,PC,Adventure,82,8.5,T,Telltale Games,He's the most powerful opponent they've ever faced, an ancient being of myth – Santa Claus! With Christmas presents on the attack and carols of gunshots, Sam & Max must storm the North Pole to bring down a less-than-jolly foe. Can our heroes save the world's children from a holiday tainted by tears, turmoil, and Torture-Me-Elmer? Find out in the Season Two premiere, Ice Station Santa! [GameTap]
Sam & Max Episode 202: Moai Better Blues,PC,Adventure,80,7.7,T,Telltale Games,A surprise trip to the tropics turns into a working vacation when Sam & Max sign up to stop a massive volcano eruption. Will their special blend of bewildering wit and renegade justice be enough to win over the gods, not to mention the locals? [GameTap]
Sam & Max Episode 203: Night of the Raving Dead,PC,Adventure,79,8.2,T,Telltale Games,Droves of undead roam the streets, and all flesh must be eaten! The leader of this undead horde is some emo Eurotrash vampire freak, and it’s up to Sam & Max to take him down -- hopefully with their brains intact. [GameTap]
Sam & Max Episode 204: Chariots of the Dogs,PC,Adventure,85,8.1,T,Telltale Games,Could it be? How could it happen? It’s virtually impossible -- Bosco, proprietor of Bosco’s Inconvenience and ultra-paranoid master of disguise -- is missing! Could it be a kidnapping? What kind of inhuman monstrosity would want Bosco around badly enough to steal him? This could be the toughest case yet for Sam & Max! [GameTap]
Sam & Max Episode 205: What's New, Beelzebub?,PC,Adventure,85,8.5,T,Telltale Games,Judgment day is at hand, and it's time for a showdown with the guy downstairs to bargain for Bosco's soul. But in the corporate wasteland known as Hell, not even the Freelance Police are safe from eternal damnation. Can Sam & Max fight free from Satan's grasp, or have they reached the end of the line? [Telltale Games]
Sam & Max: Season One,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,8.2,T,Telltale Games,The press calls it "gaming's first sitcom," we call it the world's first truly episodic game. Sam and Max: Season 1 is comprised of six self-contained game episodes that are tied together by a larger mystery that will emerge as the season builds to a climax. You can play the episodes in any order you want, but you'll appreciate the full story more if you start with Episode 1 and solve them in chronological order.
Sam & Max: Season Two,PC,Adventure,No score yet,8.4,T,Telltale Games,Join the Freelance Police for a second season of adventure, crime-fighting, and chaos. Sam & Max Season Two starts with a giant battle robot attack and never lets up, taking our valiant crime-fighters on a gut-wrenching mission from the North Pole to Easter Island, from outer space to Hell and back.
T-Kara Puzzles,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mexond,NaN
T.E.C. 3001,PC,Action,No score yet,7.8,NaN,Phoenix Game Studios,In T.E.C 3001 (Tesla Energy Collector), you are guiding a cutting-edge technology robot to collect virtual space energy leftovers for humanity.
Table Tennis VR,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Blue Entropy Studios,NaN
Table Top Racing: World Tour,PC,Racing,No score yet,6.5,NaN,Playrise Digital,NaN
Tablemen,PC,Strategy,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Stenkross Studios,NaN
TableTop Cricket,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Big Ant Studios,Find the gaps in the field or just smack the ball out of the stadium, TableTop Cricket is a fast take on cricket that takes you on a world tour with tense matches and challenges aplenty. 
Tabletop Gallery,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,RCMADIAX,Get ready to roll the dice in TABLETOP GALLERY.
Tabletop Simulator,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.7,NaN,Berserk Games,Tabletop Simulator is the only simulator where you can let your aggression out by flipping the table. There are no rules to follow: just you, a physics sandbox, and your friends. Make your own games and play how YOU want.
TableTop Soccer,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dancing Developers,NaN
Tabletopia,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Tabletopia Inc.,NaN
Tabloid Tycoon,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,ValuSoft,Tabloid Tycoon is an economic strategy game in which you run a scandalous newspaper. Use your business acumen to weigh big risks for big growth--risk questionable stories, use blackmail, and even sabotage to build your rag's sales. In the effort to build a media conglomerate, you must manage your staff, control your budget, and pick your headlines.
Tabula Rasa,PC,Role-Playing,78,8.0,T,NCSOFT,Richard Garriott’s Tabula Rasa is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game that takes the player into lush forest planets, volcanic moons, and exotic alien civilizations. Face off against powerful alien soldiers, armored mechanoids, and vicious creatures! Use a wide range of weapons and unique alien powers to help the Allied Free Sentients (AFS) in their desperate fight against extinction. Tabula Rasa combines a vast, persistent game world and ongoing storyline with fast-paced action, resulting in a new approach to the design of multiplayer online games. Richard Garriott’s Signature Creative Vision – Features a rich storyline with culminating experiences, immersive tactile environments and a persistent plot. Take Role-playing to the Battlefield – Fast-paced action involving skill, stealth, and strategy combines with character growth and development (RPG) on a massive multiplayer scale. Unleash the Power of Logos – Alien technology allows you to harness the very fabric of the cosmos for healing, attacks, and more. Ethical Parables – Encounter ethical decisions while attempting to complete goals or missions that affect the people and environments around them. Battlefield Control Points – Entrenched positions on a given battlefield can change hands over the course of a battle and affect spawn points of both enemy and friendly characters. Character Cloning System – Innovative class system allows you to explore different character classes without leveling up a new character. Crafting & Economy – Participate in crafting and selling items. Player-vs-Player – Challenge other players in voluntary PvP mode. Integrated Voice Chat – Allows hands-free communication on the battlefield. [NCSoft]
Tachyon Project,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Eclipse Games,Tachyon Project is an action packed dual-stick shooter driven by a story. Through the story mode you'll progressively unlock all the weapons, secondary weapons and perks available to configure your ship. You'll need them to face the increasingly hard enemies you'll find with over 30 different types (including 4 bosses). In Tachyon Project you take control of Ada, a software program that has taken conscience and that was designed to hack into the most secure servers on Earth. After some rather misterious events, Ada is thrown out of the test server where it was living and out into the Internet, but when she tries to go back there she finds she's unable to. She'll then start a journey to uncover the truth behind what happened to her creators, which she considers her parents. In the process she'll find out that things were a bit more complex than she initially thought.
Tachyon: The Fringe,PC,Simulation,No score yet,8.5,E,NovaLogic,It's a fast-paced, colorful, action-packed space combat game with a branching campaign and an enjoyable story, as well as a solid multiplayer mode.
Tacopocalypse,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cherry Pie Games,NaN
Tactical Craft Online,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Alexander Chipurnykh,NaN
Tactical Genius,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Pixeltales.ru,NaN
Tactical Intervention,PC,Third-Person,47,5.8,NaN,FIX Korea, Co. LTD,Tactical Intervention is the latest creation from Counter Strike co-creator, Minh ‘Gooseman’ Le. A first-person tactical shooter, Tactical Intervention revisits the classic battle of Terrorists vs. Counter Terrorists and expands it to include fast-paced driving combat, intelligent AI hostages, controllable K9 units, dead drop rappelling and a wide variety of high powered modern weapons and authentic combat gear including breaching charges and riot shields. Combat takes place in a series of real world locations allowing players to fight atop a skyscraper and inside a subway train, or to ransack a shopping mall and race down a highway.
Tactical Ops: Assault on Terror,PC,Action,57,7.9,M,Kamehan Studios,As a member of the elite Special Forces unit stop terrorists from massacring hostages and escaping. Play as a terrorist and gun down Special Forces units in cold blood and prevent them from rescuing hostages. Teams are awarded with cash based on their performance in the round. Money can buy new weapons, items and inventory. [Infogrames]
Tactical Soccer The New Season,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,EGCL,Tactical Soccer The New Season is a turn-based soccer simulation. Control all eleven players at the same time - instead of shouting at your left back to ‘get forward’ you control them and can build up an attack exactly how you want. You are the coach and have real control of the team.
Tacticon,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,SGDTeam,NaN
Tadpole Treble,PC,Action,90,7.8,NaN,BitFinity,Face The Music
Tag: The Power of Paint,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,DigiPen Institute of Technology,Tag: The Power of Paint is a free first-person puzzle platformer that focuses on your ability to modify your environment as you see fit, simply by painting it.
Tagimoto,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Trazzy Entertainment Ltd.,NaN
Tahira: Echoes of the Astral Empire,PC,Strategy,62,tbd,NaN,Whale Hammer Games,A tactical turn-based RPG, set on a world fallen into a medieval dark age after the collapse of a spacefaring civilization. You must guide Tahira, the 20-year-old princess of Avestan, on the most challenging night of her life as she fights to save her people from the genocidal Astral Empire.
Tai Chi Elements,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,The Musket33rs,Tai Chi Elements is a computer game with a difference, it's not just for entertainment but it's a training medium for students of the ancient Chinese Martial Art of Tai Chi. The Kickstarter project was initiated to provide funding for the main part of the project which is to create an online 3d environment where you can 'learn Tai Chi in the comfort of your own home'. The project is still in development, but 'The Musket33rs' - a small indie developers team based in St Just, Cornwall, UK - have already produced a working prototype of the software which has been in closed beta for the last three months.
Taiker,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Team 4U,TAIKER is a metroidvania type game. Peggy and her robot assistant Chopy will explore various area. Obtain skills to beat enemy and solve puzzles.
Tail Drift,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Attract Mode Games,NaN
Tails,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dreamcave Studio,NaN
Taimumari,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TERNOX,NaN
Taito Legends,PC,Miscellaneous,75,tbd,T,Empire Oxford,The complete Taito Legends title list: Space Invaders (1978), Phoenix(1980), Space Invaders Part 2 (1980), Colony 7 (1981), Electric Yoyo (1982), Jungle Hunt (1982), Zoo Keeper (1982), Elevator Action (1983), Great Swordsman (1984), Return of the Invaders (1985), Bubble Bobble (1986), Gladiator (1986), Tokio (1986), Exzisus (1987), Plump Pop (1987), Operation Wolf (1987), Rainbow Islands (1987), Rastan (1987), Super Qix (1987), The New Zealand Story (1988), Operation Thunderbolt (1988), Battle Shark (1989), Continental Circus (1989), Plotting (1989), Volfied (1989), Ninja Kids (1990), Space Gun (1990), Thunderfox (1990) Tube It (1993). [Sega]
Taito Legends 2,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Empire Oxford,(Currently available in the UK/EU only)  Taito Legends 2 includes: Alpine Ski, Kuri Kinton, Arabian Magic, Legend Of Kage, Bonze Adventure, Liquid Kids, Cameltry, Lunar Rescue, Chack'n Pop, Majestic 12, Cleopatra Fortune, Metal Black, Crazy Balloon,Puchi Carat, Darius Gaiden, Puzzle Bobble 2, Don Doko Don,Qix Dungeon Magic, Raimais, Elevator Action Returns, Rastan 2, The Fairyland Story, Space Invaders 95, Football Champ, Space Invaders DX, Front Line, Violence Fight, Gekirindan, Wild Western, Grid Seeker: Project Storm Hammer, Insector X, Growl, KiKi KaiKai, Gun Frontier.
Take Arms,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Discord Games,Take Arms is a 2D multiplayer platformer currently in development for Xbox Live Indie Games service. It aims to deliver fast, challenging gameplay for up to 8 players over Xbox Live or System Link with stunning anime-style HD artwork, all at a smooth 60 FPS. Players can choose from three different classes, each with their own unique strengths and weaknesses. The Striker is quick and light, equipped with a sniper rifle and dual automatic handguns, while the slow and heavy Destroyer packs a belt-fed machine gun and .45 revolver. The Grunt is the middle ground and is equipped with a three round burst assault rifle and a semi-auto handgun. The game includes three modes (Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, and Capture the Flag) and three maps (Bridge, Trainyard, Forest Complex). Local play with bots is available for all game modes with multiple difficulty levels. 
Take Command: 2nd Manassas,PC,Strategy,74,8.3,T,MadMinute Games,Take Command: 2nd Manassas is "the most detailed Civil War game to date," according to Paradox Interactive, presenting nearly 50 scenarios with historically accurate maps, leaders and regiments as well as authentic flags that separate the different states. Play any leader on any battlefield of the 2nd Manassas campaign. You can play all main battles from both fronts with as much or as little detail as you like. Command combat from a third-person view, with full military control over your troops. Just like those who fought in the American Civil War, you will face difficulties in communication, uncertainty over enemy positions and numerous other factors affecting the outcome of each battle. What’s more, the scenarios are linked, meaning that the outcome of one battle will affect the next. In the end, there can only be one victor; you decide the outcome. [Paradox Interactive]
Take No Prisoners,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Raven Software,Run-and-gun fans can get a breath of fresh air with Take No Prisoners, a shooter that takes an interesting perspective on the genre.
Take On Helicopters,PC,Simulation,70,6.7,T,Bohemia Interactive,Built upon over 10 years of experience, Take On Helicopters immerses players within beautifully rich landscapes and an authentic helicopter experience.
Take On Helicopters: Hinds,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,T,Bohemia Interactive,Lock on target - Bohemia Interactive has launched Take On Helicopters: Hinds - the first official DLC for Take On Helicopters. Bringing in a variety of helicopter gun-and-gameplay, Take On Helicopters: Hinds enlists players to become the pilot of the most iconic helicopter gunship ever: the Hind.
Take On Helicopters: Rearmed,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,T,Bohemia Interactive,Take On Helicopters: Rearmed is a free official DLC for Take On Helicopters. It seamlessly merges Arma 2 and Arma 2: Operation Arrowhead content into the game. Fly your helicopter over the gorgeous autumn landscape of Chernarus, dodge incoming fire from a myriad of Anti-Air weapon systems, and fight in massive combined arms operations.
Take On Mars,PC,Simulation,No score yet,8.0,NaN,Bohemia Interactive,Take On Mars places you in the seat of a Rover Operator, allowing you to control the various, fully simulated mobile Rovers and stationary Landers. With this scientific arsenal at your disposal, you will work your way through the numerous Science Missions in each location, unlocking the secrets of Mars' distant past.
Take the Dream IX,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Yai Gameworks,What would you do for the person you love? Are you sure you're actually in love with them? They say love is all about sacrifice. What are you willing to lose for the one you supposedly love? 
Take Thy Throne,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Charyb Games,NaN
Takeda,PC,Strategy,58,7.9,T,Magitech,Historically real Japanese feudal war strategy. Test your strategic skills of warfare in the feudal days of Japan. Be a general in the most glorious days of the Japanese empire when Shoguns and warlords ruled the land. Position your armies where you can overwhelm your competitor. Play against a real artificial intelligence based upon the greatest warlords of all time, or combat your best friends in a game of skill and chance. [Xicat Interactive]
Takeda 3,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Magitech,NaN
Takedown: Red Sabre,PC,Action,34,2.9,M,Serellan LLC,In recent years, shooters have become homogenized. There used to be a wide range of different games to choose, from run-and-gun action titles to slow-paced tactical shooters focusing on strategy and tactics, but now most shooters follow the same model of big set pieces, regenerating health, linear levels, and cinematic experiences. The realistic tactical shooters with in-depth planning have almost entirely disappeared in recent years.
TAKEN,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,2.2,NaN,Math Nerd Productions LLC,TAKEN is a horror survival game where you find yourself trapped in a mysterious hedge maze that changes shape, size, and complexity every time you play. Not only must you find your way out, you must do it without being detected. Find the key and get the heck out of there.
Talazar's Revenge,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Iron Will Games, Pixel Mine Productions,Talazar's Revenge is the first expansion pack for Ashen Empires, an online role-playing game. Co-developed by Iron Will Games and Pixel Mine Productions, the game introduces a fantastic continent rife with new items, quests, and creatures.
Tale of Wuxia,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.2,NaN,Heluo Studio,NaN
Talent Not Included,PC,Action,73,tbd,NaN,Frima Studio,Set in the fantasy land of Notthatmuchfurther, Talent Not Included tells the story of three actors, ready for anything, in order to give the performance of their life even if that means facing mechanical soldiers, animals, hardheaded monsters as well as rotating cylinders at their feet. Break a leg, you'll need it.
Tales,PC,Adventure,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Ape Marina,NaN
Tales Across Time,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Critical Games,NaN
Tales From Space: Mutant Blobs Attack,PC,Action,83,7.9,E10+,DrinkBox Studios,Tales from Space: Mutant Blobs Attack is a side-scrolling puzzle platformer about an ornery mutant blob that, after being held captive in a lab that can only be described as something out of a retro sci-fi movie from the early '50's, escapes into the world and sets out on a path to destroy and consume everything! A follow-up to last year's PlayStation Network title Tales from Space: About a Blob, Mutant Blobs Attack will contain a wide range of exciting new features and gameplay modes designed exclusively for the PlayStation Vita handheld entertainment system.
Tales from the Borderlands: A Telltale Game Series,PC,Adventure,85,8.4,M,Telltale Games,Like all good tales, there’s more than one side to a story. Especially one about a Vault key, the Hyperion Corporation, bandits, loot, gangsters, Vault Hunters, secret Atlas tech, explosions, getaways, extortion, betrayal, and mayhem. Set after the events seen in Borderlands 2, Tales from the Borderlands is about Rhys, a Hyperion company man looking to become the next Handsome Jack, and it’s also about Fiona, a Pandoran con artist out to score the biggest of all swindles. Lured into danger by a Vault key and all it promises, the unlikely duo are thrown together with a common goal and a huge amount of mistrust. Who is telling the truth, and why is it important That’s up to you to decide. You are Rhys…and you are also Fiona, because like every tale worth telling, there are two…oh, you read that part already? Well, it’s important to remember that there *are* two sides to every story, and you my friend, you will tell this tale, or…tales, through the choices that you make. Your every decision as both Rhys and Fiona will affect the people and world around you: this is a game where YOU are the final author in a brand new Borderlands story set on the unforgiving world of Pandora. [TellTale Games]
Tales From The Borderlands: Episode 1 - Zer0 Sum,PC,Miscellaneous,84,8.5,M,Telltale Games,Episode 1 - Zer0 Sum - Set following the events seen in Borderlands 2, Tales from the Borderlands focuses on Rhys, a Hyperion company man who wants to become the next Handsome Jack, and it’s also about Fiona, a Pandoran con artist intending to score the biggest of all swindles. Baited into danger by a Vault key and all it promises, the unlikely pair are thrown together with a common purpose and a great amount of mistrust. Who is speaking the truth, and why is it important? That is for you to decide. It’s important to remember that there *are* two sides to every story, and you will tell this tale, or…tales, through the choices that you make. Your every decision as both Rhys and Fiona will affect the people and environment around you: this is a game where YOU are the final author in a brand new Borderlands story set on the unforgiving world of Pandora. [Telltale Games]
Tales From The Borderlands: Episode 2 - Atlas Mugged,PC,Adventure,78,8.6,M,Telltale Games,Discovering the Gortys Project fuels a madcap race to definitively figure out what the Atlas Corporation was up to prior to Hyperion's take over of Pandora. Our heroes are not the only ones on the trail. Vault Hunters, Bounty Hunters, Vasquez, and a giant monster thing with a mouth that looks like a...well, you'll see...are all in pursuit. And to further complicate matters, Rhys is being haunted by dreams of a dead despot AND what Vaughn looks like without his shirt on. Can Fiona and Sasha hold everything together? That's up to you. [Telltale]
Tales From The Borderlands: Episode 3 - Catch A Ride,PC,Adventure,81,8.4,M,Telltale Games,After a dizzying escape from a near-almost-certain-death scenario (involving statuesque buttocks), Rhys and Fiona are in search of another piece of the puzzle that will lead them to the vast riches of Vault key ownership. Lost in the mysterious jungle of an Atlas terraforming facility, Fiona finds help from an unexpected mentor, Rhys continues to share brain-space with the disembodied mind of a dead dictator, and love is in the air. Pursued by the ruthless criminal 'Queenpin' Vallory, and with very little help from Vaughn's accountancy skills (or stellar abs), getting anywhere near the Vault is entirely on you.
Tales From The Borderlands: Episode 4 - Escape Plan Bravo,PC,Adventure,79,8.4,M,Telltale Games,Captured by Vallory and her thugs, Rhys and Fiona are forced to keep searching for the Vault beacon - at gunpoint. The beacon is on the Hyperion moon base - Helios - while our heroes are on Pandora... so there's the annoying cold void of death known as 'space' to overcome. Even with the help of a familiar face, and with a worryingly helpful Handsome Jack hitching a ride in Rhys’ head, getting on board the ominous ‘H’ is going to take every drop of guile, and quite possibly all the spunk you’ve got. Sacrifices will be made – can you make the tough choices needed to succeed?
Tales From The Borderlands: Episode 5 - The Vault of the Traveler,PC,Adventure,86,8.7,NaN,Telltale Games,In the final episode of the season, all hell is breaking loose. Jack is now in control of Helios' systems, and he is ready to reclaim his rightful place as king of Hyperion - with or without you. It's a mad dash to get out of the chaotic space station alive, as everyone scrambles to grab the final Gortys piece and high tail it back to Pandora. Can you guide our motley crew through perilous corporate dangers in hopes of getting some copious alien riches? Loyalties will be tested, secrets will be revealed, and explosions will be in large supply in this final chapter of Tales From The Borderlands.
Tales From The Dragon Mountain 2: The Lair,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Libredia,It has been years since brave Mina Lockheart defeated Lord Strix. But dark shadows are rising once again! Spirits are restless! For he has awaken! Evil Lord Strix is breeding a new army to enslave all creatures from the Dragon Mountains!
Tales from the Dragon Mountain: The Strix,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Libredia,LIMITED TIME OFFER!   40 % OFF!Get new G5 games for up to 40% off! Sign up for the G5 newsletter now! www.g5e.com/e-mail Mina's dreams about her grandmother Kate have become unbearable nightmares. Haunted by one dream of the grandma’s house in flames, Mina takes a trip to her family's estate in Pozoj. And so began what turned into the greatest adventure of her life! Join Mina, searching Pozoj, solving dozens of puzzles, and meeting mythical creatures.  Defeat the evil spirit called Strix in Tales from the Dragon Mountain: The Strix, a fun Hidden Object Puzzle Adventure game!- 32 Unique fantasy locations to explore - 21 Entertaining puzzles to solve - Meet 10 mythical creatures in your search! - 6 Mysterious chapters - Stunning graphics and a soothing soundtrack - Game Center Support - iPhone 4 Retina Display support____________________________ ??? G5 Games - A new game app every week ! ???  Hidden Object Games: ? Games Navigator – By G5 Games ? Sinister City: Vampire Adventure ? Letters from Nowhere 2 ? Lost Souls: Enchanted Paintings ? CrossWorlds: the Flying City Time Management Games: ? Virtual City Playground ? Virtual City 2: Paradise Resort ? Fix-it-up 80s: Meet Kate’s Parents ? The Island: Castaway ? Fix-it-up: World Tour ____________________________ VISIT US: www.g5e.com WATCH US: www.youtube.com/g5enter FIND US: www.facebook.com/g5games FOLLOW US: www.twitter.com/g5games
Tales from the Void,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,PortaPlay,Lost in time and space and fighting for survival, it is up to you to save the crew of a World War I submarine in Tales from the Void, a squad-based, atmospheric real time tactics game. 
Tales of Adventure 2,PC,Action,No score yet,3.5,NaN,XIAOYAO,Set in a mysterious yet dangerous fantasy world, you have to constantly grow stronger to defeat the powerful monsters on your journey. Magical items will also randomly appear and aid you in your adventure.
Tales of Aravorn: Seasons Of The Wolf,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Winter Wolves Game Studio,In this role-playing game, set in the same fantasy world as the award-winning Loren the Amazon princess, you'll play as Shea or Althea, twins from the far-away village Ninim. In just the course of one year, you will experience many storylines and sidequests; situations and events where your own choices influence the very end of the game.
Tales of Berseria,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,T,Bandai Namco Games,NaN
Tales of Cosmos,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Red Dwarf Games,NaN
Tales of Destruction,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Tero Lunkka,NaN
Tales of Fin,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Starseed Games,NaN
Tales of Maj'Eyal,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.0,NaN,dark7god,Tales of Maj’Eyal is a roguelike RPG, featuring tactical turn-based combat and advanced character building. Play as one of many unique races and classes in the lore-filled world of Eyal, exploring random dungeons, facing challenging battles, and developing characters with your own tailored mix of abilities and powers.
Tales of Monkey Island,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,8.9,E,Telltale Games,Guybrush Threepwood tries once again to rid the Carribean of the evil pirate LeChuck with the help (and hindrance) of friends (and enemies) old and new. This game contains the combination of all 5 chapters.
Tales of Monkey Island Chapter 1: Launch of the Screaming Narwhal,PC,Adventure,79,8.2,E10+,Telltale Games,While explosively stripping the evil pirate LeChuck of his demonic mojo, Guybrush Threepwood inadvertently infects the entire Caribbean with the arch-fiend's expelled voodoo, which threatens to transform buccaneers into unruly pirate monsters. Pursued by a notorious cut-throat Pirate Hunter and a creepy French Physician who believes that Guybrush's eerily-infected hand holds the secret of eternal life, Threepwood sails the seven seas in search of La Esponja Grande, a legendary sea sponge with unparalleled voodoo exfoliating abilities. But little does Guybrush know, his quest is part of a larger, more sinister plot, and good and evil are not always as they seem. [Telltale Games]
Tales of Monkey Island Chapter 2: The Siege of Spinner Cay,PC,Adventure,77,7.5,E10+,Telltale Games,When we left Guybrush Threepwood, he'd just escaped the mysterious winds of Flotsam Island aboard the well-meaning sailing ship The Screaming Narwhal. However, his hand is still cursed, and LeChuck--now in human form--seems, from a distance, to be courting fair Elaine's favor. To top it all, he's been intercepted by a mysterious figure, yet unrevealed. I wonder what happens next. [Telltale Games]
Tales of Monkey Island Chapter 3: Lair of the Leviathan,PC,Adventure,82,7.9,E10+,Telltale Games,In the third Tales of Monkey Island chapter, Guybrush gets in deep (literally!) as his quest for the voodoo exfoliating La Esponja Grande takes a scenic twist -- through the guts of a giant manatee! Trapped in the belly of the beast, our hero encounters a surprising band of castaways, including the long-lost (and obsessive-compulsive) explorer Coronado De Cava. Can the Mighty Pirate win the suspicious De Cava's trust? Will sexy pirate hunter Morgan LeFlay prove to be a ruthless enemy, or an unlikely ally? Will the group find La Esponja Grande in time to save Elaine from the rampant Pox of LeChuck? And will the world be crushed by the gnashing teeth of a certain demonic skull? Tales of Monkey Island's moist and absorbing third episode, Lair of the Leviathan, will answer some of these urgent questions -- and raise still more -- as the five month adventure builds to its epic climax. [Telltale Games]
Tales of Monkey Island Chapter 4: The Trial and Execution of Guybrush Threepwood,PC,Adventure,80,8.4,E10+,Telltale Games,The moment you've been waiting for is here! Come get The Trial and Execution of Guybrush Threepwood, the fourth chapter of Tales of Monkey Island and find out what happens when Guybrush is handed over to De Singe by the treacherous Morgan Le Flay back on Flotsam. [Telltale Games]
Tales of Monkey Island Chapter 5: Rise of the Pirate God,PC,Adventure,81,8.4,E10+,Telltale Games,Our piratey heroes meet their ultimate match with the Rise of the Pirate God. Can the world of Monkey Island be saved? Find out as the Tales of Monkey Island saga comes to its thrilling conclusion. [Telltale Games]
Tales of Pirates,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Moliyo,Tales of Pirates is a 3D MMORPG game.
Tales of Symphonia,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.9,T,Bandai Namco Games,In a dying village on Sylvarant, legend has it that a Chosen One will one day appear from among the people, and the land will be reborn. Now, you must enter a cel-shaded world in which you command real-time battles. Execute and combine hundreds of special attacks, magic spells, and combos. Each character grows to suit your fighting style, and the storyline changes based on the characters' relationships. The line between good and evil blurs in this immersive adventure where the fate of two interlocked worlds hangs in the balance.
Tales of the Elements FC,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Last BeNeVoLeNcE,NaN
Tales of the Orient: The Rising Sun,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,greensaucegames,Venture to the Edo period in Japan and assist Satsu and Miyamoto in an epic adventure to preserve ancient Japan. Prove your skills in Challenge mode with limited moves. Experience the excitement of building an ancient Japanese village in this Match 3 game. 
Tales of Zestiria,PC,Role-Playing,77,8.0,T,Bandai Namco Games,An unseen evil force known as Malevolence is spreading across the land, corrupting the world and causing humanity to falter. Players will embark on an epic journey as Sorey, a young pure-hearted adventurer whose destiny is to become The Shepard, an individual of great power that can banish Malevolence. Does Sorey have the courage and heart to wield this extraordinary responsibility for good, or will he fall prey to the evils of its power? TALES OF ZESTIRIA introduces a new version of its celebrated real-time battle system, allowing for faster combat with side dashes and new fusion technique combo opportunities.  Throughout his quest, Sorey will befriend humans and spirits known as Seraphim, unseen to most humans, to aide him on his journey.  Because of Sorey’s unique ability to communicate with the Seraphim he is able to fuse with their essence to create new elemental artes for strategic attacks to decimate foes. 
Tales of Zestiria: Bonus Chapter - Alisha's Conviction,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Bandai Namco Games,An extra chapter centered on Alisha following the events of the main game.
Tales Runner,PC,Driving,No score yet,8.3,NaN,Rhaon Entertainment,Gameplay
Talewind,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,WindLimit,NaN
Talisman Online,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Miracle Castle Limited,Talisman Online is a free-to-play 3D Fantasy MMORPG with a small client (400M),  It features 5 awesome classes, 20 dungeons & caves, hundreds of quests, PVP & PVE settings, in-game events and other interactive systems.
Talisman Prologue,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,5.3,NaN,Nomad Games,NaN
Talisman: Digital Edition,PC,Card Battle Games,51,5.8,NaN,Nomad Games,Talisman Digital Edition - The Magical Quest Game for 1 to 4 players. The officially licensed multiplayer version of the classic fantasy adventure board game, Talisman. This game is available as an Early Access release and is therefore not fully complete. The full version includes a full online multiplayer game for up to four players. 
Talisman: Digital Edition - Character Pack #1: Exorcist,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nomad Games,NaN
Talisman: Digital Edition - Character Pack #2: Courtesan,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nomad Games,NaN
Talisman: Digital Edition - Character Pack #3: Devil's Minion,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nomad Games,NaN
Talisman: Digital Edition - Character Pack #4: Genie,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nomad Games,NaN
Talisman: Digital Edition - Character Pack #5: Martyr,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nomad Games,NaN
Talisman: Digital Edition - Character Pack #6: Gambler,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nomad Games,NaN
Talisman: Digital Edition - The Frostmarch Expansion,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,2.3,NaN,Nomad Games,A continent of ice dominates the horizon...
Talisman: Digital Edition - The Reaper Expansion,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nomad Games,Will You Look Death in the Eye?
Talisman: The Horus Heresy,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nomad Games,Talisman: The Horus Heresy is a digital board game based on the Talisman rule system and set in the Warhammer 40,000 universe, during the cataclysmic events of the Horus Heresy.
Talismania Deluxe,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,PopCap,Help King Midas rescue his daughter and break his golden curse! Twist and connect talismans to collect coins and defeat mythical monsters... and restore ancient Greece along the way. Think you can win this magical puzzler?
Tallowmere,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Chris McFarland,Indulge Lady Tallowmere and see how far through her lovingly violent dungeons you can explore in this 2D indie action roguelike-inspired platformer. New rooms are procedurally generated every time you play.
Tanarus,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sony Interactive Studios America,Superficially, Tanarus is sort of a cross between M1 Tank Platoon, Multiplayer BattleTech, and capture the flag.
Tangled Up!,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,2piinteractive,Tangled Up is the story of two electric charges "Positive Charge" & "Negative Charge" who are paired by an electric string. One day the string that bonds them together gets tangled up! and theyre unable to unite!
Tango Fiesta,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Spilt Milk Studios Ltd, Spilt Milk Studios,Tango Fiesta is a top-down cooperative shooter for 1-4 players. Imagine the events from every single 80’s action film ever made actually happened to one guy - well you & up to 3 friends get to blast, shoot & knife your way through procedurally generated levels as the ultimate one (or 2, 3, or 4) man army.
Tanita: A Plasticine Dream,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Trickster Games,Entertaining story to take part in using crazy machines to interesting puzzles.
Tank (1970),PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mr_KoKa,NaN
U-Boats,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Astra Game Studio,NaN
U.S. Most Wanted,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,FUN Labs,This value-priced action game has players assume the role of a bounty hunter charged with locating and killing dangerous fictitious criminals all over the world.
U.S. Navy Fighters '97,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Electronic Arts,A completely entertaining and accessible sim worthy of its predecessor, Chuck Yeager's Air Combat.
UBERMOSH,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Walter Machado,UBERMOSH is an arcade game about cutting bullets with a sword, in a gun-filled cyberpunk mosh pit.
UBERMOSH Vol.3,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Walter Machado,UBERMOSH Vol.3 is the second stand-alone expansion of the arcade game UBERMOSH. Vol.3 brings the UBERMOSH combat to open field: no cover, borderless terrain, wider view and even more enemies. The extra classic thugs will join a digital swarm entity that hunts the character. Achievements are divided in Resilience and Destruction to keep track of your survival and damaging skills. The faster pace, freedom of movement and updated class mods create a hardcore reflex based experience, shaped by community feedback on each volume of the game.
UBERMOSH:BLACK,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Walter Machado,NaN
UberSoldier,PC,Action,57,6.5,M,Burut Software,At the height of World War II, with the outcome still very much in doubt, secret Nazi experiments are searching for a way to bring life back to the dead. This experiment, led by a ruthless Nazi general, discovers that the shock people experience upon death endows their minds with powerful supernatural abilities. After countless attempts, they finally succeed at raising the first of a new breed of warrior - the UberSoldier. [CDV Software]
UberSoldier II,PC,Action,62,7.2,M,Burut Software,It is April 1945. Allied armies are closing on the Nazi capital Berlin. US planes are
UBERZOMBIE USA,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,xsyntax,NaN
Ubinota,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Rotateam,In a world where inhabitants live in the sky on floating islands made of cubes, a disaster threatens to make the population fall into the depths. The magic paint that keeps the cubes stuck together is drying out. Lucien, a trainee painter, fights with others against the disaster by repainting the islands.
Uchuu Kaizoku Sara,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lilith,NaN
Uebergame,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Duion,NaN
UEFA Euro 2004: Portugal,PC,Sports,76,6.5,E,EA Canada,In EURO 2004 mode players can play as any of the 51 European nations. Players can arrange and play friendly matches against other nations or play through the tournament going from qualifying, to playoffs and into the finals. In addition to tracking injuries and suspensions, a new dynamic morale system will track players' morale, which will fluctuate based on individual and team performances and affect player abilities on the field. [Electronic Arts]
UEFA Euro 2012,PC,Sports,64,2.9,E,EA Canada,This digital-only expansion for FIFA 12 brings all the stadiums, teams and events from UEFA Euro 2012, as well as up-to-date versions of the rest of the UEFA teams. 
UemeU,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,UemeU,NaN
UFHO2,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Tiny Colossus,UFHO2 is a strategic, turn-based puzzle game where two players are pitted against each other in a UFHO in a struggle to get the most gems. 
UFO Online - Fight for Earth,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,gamigo,It's 2025. Just as humanity stands on the cusp of its demise, extraterrestrials show up and promise to solve all of Earth's problems: energy shortages, disease and poverty are soon to be a thing of the past. But what's in it for these mysterious visitors? As leaders of an underground resistance force who can guess at the reason behind the aliens' motivations, players head out on action-packed PvE campaigns to uncover the truth.
UFO Online: Invasion,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Bad Pixel,NaN
UFO: Afterlight,PC,Strategy,71,7.6,T,Altar Interactive,UFO: Afterlight is the next instalment in the "UFO: Aftermath" and "UFO: Aftershock" series, bringing a completely new insight to the story of Aftershock, this time from the perspective of lonely human inhabitants on Mars; combination of global strategy and tactical missions; completely new story built on the events from UFO: Aftershock; large number of new technologies, weapons and equipment to develop; completely new environments on a different planet than Earth; highly replayable game because of the player’s key decisions on diplomacy and research; strong RPG elements, the player knows his team by names. Strategy: new enemies and new alien races with variable weapons and battle tactics; several character classes with different attributes, skills and trainings; diplomacy has strong influence on the game story; research enables terraforming of the planet in later stages of the game; improved and transparent construction and building management; friendly interface and easy orientation in the game, useful information available at time and place where needed. Tactics: advanced tactical part of the game with the possibility to enter buildings, thermo visions and more; player may use different height and destructible elements of environment to his advantage; tactical missions controlled by intelligent scripts guarantee reasonable behavior of enemies; authentic physical model; player must adapt his tactics during the game as the enemies change and grow stronger, hardly two missions are the same; aliens and robots in your team; hostile environment requiring the use of different types of spacesuits; opportunity to mind-control your enemies and use psionic abilities. [Cenega Publishing]
UFO: Aftermath,PC,Strategy,67,5.9,T,Altar Interactive,UFO: Aftermath is a 3D isometric, tactical strategy game a rich and compelling sci fi story. Combining global strategy with small squad tactical combat, the challenge offered is to fight against an alien invasion. Featuring run time generated tactical missions with innovative simultaneous combat action; the genre is also enhanced with strong RPG elements, offering a quite unique mix of strategic ideas. [Cenega]
UFO: Aftershock,PC,Strategy,67,7.7,T,Altar Interactive,The sequel to UFO: Aftermath - Global strategy and small scale tactical missions intertwined...The year is 2054. Fifty years ago, something terrible happened and the surface of Earth became uninhabitable. The remnants of humankind escaped to an immense flying island, the Laputa. However a revolt against increasingly rigid and corrupt human leadership of the island escalated into a conflict that eventually destroyed it. The survivors of the survivors flee once again. Can they reclaim the Earth from the unknown forces now holding her in their grasp? The game features new amazing technologies and items to be researched and developed, new enemies and allies, resource and base management in the strategic game, and improved SAS and RPG systems in the tactical game. [Cenega Publishing]
UFO: Extraterrestrials,PC,Strategy,68,6.9,E10+,Chaos Concept,The year is now 2025 and on the newly colonized planet Esperanza our space devices have not just been approached by alien machines but attacked. The player controls a squad of soldiers, light and heavy support combat vehicles, robots and air units located in a base on the planet Esperanza that had been colonized by the spaceship Magalhaes in the year 2023. This squad was brought together by the Esperanza government to face a threat that comes from deep space. In case the player succeeds in averting an alien impact on Esperanza, the story will continue on the planet Earth which has been subdued by alien forces. The title combines global strategy with small, squad-based tactical combat against an alien invasion. To repel the alien invasion the player must take full advantage of the terrain and his surrounding environments. [Tri Synergy]
UfoPilot : Astro-Creeps Elite,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,nornware AB,NaN
Ukrainian Ninja,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,DragonFireGames,NaN
Ultim@te Race Pro,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Kalisto,A top-tier racing game with spectacular visuals, solid gameplay, and a surprisingly good multiplayer mode. It's not perfect by any stretch, but it is a lot of fun.
Ultima Collection,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,M,Electronic Arts,The worlds of Ultima™ await you in this special collection of 10 games designed by Richard Garriott, also known as Lord British™, the creator of the Ultimate series.
Ultima IX: Ascension,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,5.1,M,Electronic Arts,Ultima IX comes across both as an epic and a farce.
Ultima Online,PC,Role-Playing,59,8.8,M,Origin,Enter the magical world of Ultima Online. A world with spells and monsters. Quests and heroes. A living, growing world where thousands of real people discover fantasy and adventure 24 hours a day, every day of the year. [Origin]
Ultima Online 7th Anniversary Edition,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,M,Electronic Arts,The Ultima Online 7th Anniversary Edition gives players the complete Ultima Online, with all the expansion packs enabled and a bounty of valuable in-game gifts including an extra character slot. As a bonus, you'll also get the full version of the classic role-playing game, Ultima IX: Ascension. Also included is an exclusive Ultima Online Fan Guide, which offers you a look at seven years of adventure and community. The Fan Guide features historic art as well as exclusive interviews with the Ultima Online team and community leaders.
Ultima Online:  Renaissance,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,M,Electronic Arts,Ultima Online has finally reached the state it really should have been in when it was first released nearly three years ago.
Ultima Online: Age of Shadows,PC,Role-Playing,74,7.0,T,Electronic Arts,Journey to the land of Malas in this massively expanded Ultima Online world. Build your new custom house, explore Britannia's largest dungeon or join with others to build a new community. Learn the art of Necromancy and use new spells to summon undead monsters to assist you in battle. Build your skills as a holy Warrior by taking on the role of the Paladin. Acquire new magic items and rare collectibles through directed quests against over a dozen new monsters. Whether your skill lies in magic, battle, trade, or in your ability to construct the most incredible structures imaginable, make your mark on the Internet's deepest role-playing adventure - Ultima Online! [Electronic Arts]
Ultima Online: Eve of a New Age,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,EA Games,NaN
Ultima Online: Kingdom Reborn,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,4.5,T,Electronic Arts,A complete make-over of the online world with a new graphics engine, a state-of-the-art user interface and enough new content for even the most seasoned players. Ultima Online: Kingdom Reborn is also a full-featured expansion pack with a wide array of new content and features including a playable race, epic battles versus powerful monsters, deep dangerous dungeons, player-versus-player combat, creative housing design, crafting, and more. [Electronic Arts]
Ultima Online: Lord Blackthorn's Revenge,PC,Role-Playing,65,5.4,T,Electronic Arts,For this addition to the ever-popular series, Ultima Online partnered with legendary artist, Todd McFarlane, creator of Spawn, to revolutionize the game with exotic, fantastical creatures. You will enter a world under siege, where evil forces have aligned their powers in an attempt to conquer and vanquish the virtuous. Lord Blackthorn returns, corrupted by his own evil ambitions, as a half-man and all-evil tyrant. Over 30 new monsters and creatures designed by McFarlane add a darker, edgier twist to the once familiar land of Britannia. [Electronic Arts]
Ultima Online: Mondain's Legacy,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Electronic Arts,Ultima Online: Mondain's Legacy is the seventh installment in the Ultima Online series of massively multiplayer role-playing games.
Ultima Online: Samurai Empire,PC,Role-Playing,62,5.7,T,EA Games,Traveling around a mysterious Asian environment filled with exotic beasts, expansive dungeons and scenic housing areas, players can strive to become a fierce Samurai, dedicated to the art of Bushido and focused on learning new physical combat abilities. These skills include Lightening Strike, a ferocious and fast single attack with a 50 percent hit bonus; Whirlwind, where a Samurai's powers increase as the number of enemies he's fighting multiply; and Honorable Execution, which is an attempt to eliminate an enemy with a single attack. Players also have the choice of joining the elite ranks of the Ninja, where they will concentrate on magical combat and stealth. The Ninja player will master many deadly arts that include Smoke Bomb, which they use to make themselves disappear. By using Animal Form, Ninjas can turn into seemingly harmless creatures like wolves and serpents, allowing them to move freely among their enemies. With the Mirror Image skill, Ninjas can confuse their enemies by creating up to four mirror images of themselves. In addition to becoming either a Samurai or Ninja, players will have new house customization themes and decorations to use as they build new homes or modify existing homes. [Electronic Arts]
Ultima Online: The Eighth Age,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.0,T,Electronic Arts,Experience the ground-breaking game that launched the massively multiplayer RPG genre and continues to thrive with thousands of devoted followers around the world. In Ultima Online: The 8th Age, join a gigantic online community and enter a world teeming with adventure. Discover distant locales, battle fierce creatures, and befriend fellow travelers. You can even design, build, and decorate your very own house within the living world of the game. With the original Ultima Online, the first six expansion packs at your fingertips, and a wealth of bonuses including an advanced character and a 45-day free trial, Ultima Online: The 8th Age is the best way to discover-or re-discover the world of Ultima Online. [Electronic Arts]
Ultima Online: The Second Age,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,M,Origin, Electronic Arts,The Second Age adds some nice new features and fixes a few things, but it introduces a whole slew of its own problems.
Ultima Online: Third Dawn,PC,Role-Playing,69,tbd,T,Electronic Arts,The latest game in the "massively multiplayer role-playing" (MMRP) Ultima Online series adds a 3D graphics to the vast world of Britannia.
Ultima VIII: Pagan,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Origin,On the world of Pagan, the Guardian's forces are firmly entrenched and his control is absolute. The rules are different here from familiar Britannia, and you must discover how to defeat the ruling Elemental Titans on their own terms, while solving the mistery of their enigmatic pentagram. The time has come to bring the battle to the Guardian.
Ultimate 8 Ball,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Mirage Interactive,Ultimate 8 Ball offers most everything you could want in a pool game.
Ultimate Arena,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Triverske,It has taken a few millennia for the art of the arena to be perfected, but we've finally done it. Ultimate Arena puts you in charge of the greatest battle royale, the one that you pick who fights and the conditions they fight under. Take charge by setting up landmines, deploying care packages, and initiating arena events. 
Ultimate Arena Alpha,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,AceGamer,NaN
Ultimate Baseball Online 2006,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Netamin,Ultimate Baseball Online (UBO) is the world's first virtual reality, massive multi-player online sports game. Unlike current video games that aspire to simulate professional sports, UBO delivers a first person perspective online sports experience as real players team up and face off against another team in real-time. In UBO, baseball enthusiasts and gamers compete in 3D virtual stadiums.   With stunning graphics and surround-sound audio reactions from the crowd, participants control a player for a specific field position. Players use an avatar to bat, pitch, field, run, steal and perform any baseball action.  Participants can practice, play pick-up games, join or found their own teams, compete against rival teams and win a league championship in the post season.  Gamers build their skill level (player stats) through successful play on the field against other real human players.  Netamin is now offering Ultimate Baseball Online at a special preview discount price of $19.95 with free monthly play until the game officially launches in Fall 2004. Once launched, Ultimate Baseball Online will cost $29.95, which includes the first month of play free, with a monthly subscription charge of $9.95. [Netamin]
Ultimate Baseball Online 2007,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Netamin,Ultimate Baseball Online returns for the 2007 season.
Ultimate Beach Soccer,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Pam Development,With flashy moves, laser shows, and DJs, Ultimate Beach Soccer is not your ordinary soccer game. This new sport features aerial passes, special moves, combos, ball-juggling, and flashy goals and saves. These moves are not all for show; use them to dominate your opponents in quick matches, long-term competitions, and custom tournaments. Ultimate Beach Soccer takes you around the globe to locations including Rio, France, Japan, and Venice Beach, California. Each stadium features cheerleaders, commentators, and pitch-side shows with DJs.
Ultimate Booster Experience,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,GexagonVR,NaN
Ultimate Chicken Horse,PC,Action,No score yet,8.8,NaN,Clever Endeavour Games,NaN
Ultimate Civil War Battles: Robert E. Lee vs. Ulysses S. Grant,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,Stellar Stone,NaN
Ultimate Demolition Derby,PC,Driving,27,8.3,E,3 Romans,Weaklings need not apply. In Ultimate Demolition Derby you have one goal and one goal alone: Annihilate your opponents as you smash your way through four different tracks filled with dangerous obstacles and deadly corners. Take your pick from a selection of nine unique vehicles and get ready for some high-speed ultra-violence. [Global Star Software]
Ultimate Fight Manager 2016,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Night Node Software, Snowfall,NaN
Ultimate Flight Collection,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,Re-enact WWII's most famous Pacific battles, like Pearl Harbor, Guadalcanal, and Midway; fly more than 40 fighters and bombers, including the infamous Japanese Zero and the deadly U.S. F6 Hellcat; take on massive dogfights with up to 128 players online, or fight wing-to-wing with friends in 32-player cooperative missions; choose from nine U.S. and Russian jets, from the tank-killing A-10 Warthog to air superiority fighters like the Su-27 Flanker; spectacular lighting and detailed maps, featuring more than 180,000 buildings, 50,000,000 trees, 1,700 towns and villages, 500 bridges, and 18 airfields; options for every player: get into the action quickly with the fast battle planner, simplified radar, and scalable ai, or set detailed controls for ultra-authentic play; take on fighter and bomber campaigns for the Axis or Red Army Forces, or create your own dogfights with up to 32 players; record a flight track of any mission, then play the file back or send it to friends to confirm your wins and kills; create new missions and battles in single or multiplayer with an easy-to-use mission builder.
Ultimate General: Gettysburg,PC,Strategy,84,8.0,NaN,Game-Labs,Ultimate General: Gettysburg is a Tactical Battle Simulator that allows you to lead thousands of soldiers in the famous Battle of Gettysburg as commander of either the Union or Confederate army. The game features the most accurately created map, detailed order of battle, complex morale, and innovative control mechanics. 
Ultimate Hunt Challenge,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,EA Seattle,NaN
Ultimate Mahjongg,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,ValuSoft,NaN
Ultimate Naruto,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,IceGames Co. Ltd,Ultimate Naruto is based on the highly popular Naruto manga series. The upcoming RPG features plots rooted in the Naruto world, alongside an original drawing style and unique gameplay features that utilize the latest web-based gaming technologies for maximum accessibility.
Ultimate Puzzle Games,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Telegames,NaN
Ultimate Quake,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Activision,Ultimate Quake includes the original Quake, Quake II, and Quake III Arena.
Ultimate Ride,PC,Action,68,8.2,E,Gigawatt Studios,Custom design, test, and ride roller coasters in your own theme park. Ride them in first person mode them posting them online.  Also includes a mission mode. [Disney Interactive]
Ultimate Ride Coaster Deluxe,PC,Strategy,77,5.9,E,Gigawatt Studios,Design, customize, test, ride and complete missions with a variety of roller coasters in your very own theme park. In Imagineering Mode, you are a roller coaster designer and are given the task to build roller coasters based on very specific criteria. In the Build Mode, you create any roller coaster you can imagine, and customize it with environments, backgrounds, characters and props. When you've got your Ultimate Ride you can e-mail it to your friends or post in on www.ultimateridegame.com, CoasterXchange and compete for the rank of ROLLERGOD. [Disney Interactive]
Ultimate Ride: Disney Coaster,PC,Strategy,72,7.0,E,Disney Interactive,Design and build the best roller coasters, then take a ride on them yourself. Create a fun and lucrative park with props and rides based on real Disney attractions like Toontown, Frontierland, Main Street, and Space Mountain.
Ultimate Rock Crawler,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,khos85,NaN
Ultimate Solid,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,What The Fantastic Games Group,NaN
Ultimate Space Commando,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Creatio 49,NaN
Ultimate Space Commando (USC),PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,AlizaWenders,NaN
Ultimate Spider-Man,PC,Action,75,8.4,T,Beenox,Play both sides as Ultimate Spider-Man allows players to take on the role of super hero Spider-Man AND super villain Venom. Penned and illustrated by famed comic book creators Brian Michael Bendis and Mark Bagley, the game picks up right where the story left off. Dive into an immersive adventure as you experience a living comic book illustrated with 3D Comic Inking Technology that literally brings the comic to life in every action-packed frame. The game's expanded, free-roaming environments deliver a deep adventure with a variety of challenging missions, diverse game play and an improved combat system that allows players to face off against the largest number of characters from the Spider-Man universe ever assembled in one video game. [Activision]
Ultimate Tic-Tac-Toe,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Tigerish Games,NaN
Ultimate Wargame Collection Volume 3: Modern Warfare,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,SSI,NaN
Ultimate Word Search 2: Letter Boxed,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,EnsenaSoft,"Ultimate Word Search 2: Letter Boxed" brings our famous word search game into a new era. Each puzzle is made up from words that wrap around a 6 sided box with the words going left, right, up or down. Each side of the box has 7x7 letters and there are 24 words to find in total.  It comes with 84 English word categories and all puzzles are laid out with random words from a larger category word list and random positions so you can play each puzzle many times without it ever being the same.Features: ? 84 different puzzle categories that choose 24 random words and lay them out randomly so each puzzle can be played many times.? All 84 puzzle categories are in English and with English word lists. ? Select a word by touching the letter tile at one end of the word and then touching the title at the other end of the word.? Each puzzle can take 10-25 minutes to solve.? New point and star system designed to help keep you focused. ? Great background music and sounds combine with a spooky detective mystery theme to create a truly unique experience.How to Play: You can spin the cube around by touching the screen with a single finger and then holding and moving your finger in the direction you want to spin.  The farther you move from the original touch point the faster it will spin.Words can go left, right, up or down so look for them in reverse order as well. Words can wrap around the sides of the cube. Since each side is 7x7 large words could even wrap around and be on 3 sides of the cube.  To select a word touch the first letter of the word.  Then touch the last letter of the word.  You can and may need to spin the cube in between touching the letters.  You can actually touch the last letter first and first last.  Only touch the letters at the end points and not in the middle of the word.  If you select a word correctly all letters will change colors permanently and the last word found will have special effects. If the second letter you touch does not complete a word it becomes the new "first" letter as it is assumed you are trying to find a different word. Enjoy!Thanks for buying Ultimate Word Search 2: Letter Boxed!
Ultimate Yahtzee,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,PCA Inc.,Strictly for loners who love the original dice game.
Ultionus: A Tale of Petty Revenge,PC,Action,No score yet,7.3,NaN,Last Dimension,Ultionus is a love-letter to the home computer arcade games of the late 80s and early 90s, with colorful 2D visuals, catchy chiptune music by the legendary Jake 'Virt' Kaufman, and 7 stages of hard-as-nails gameplay.
Ultra Street Fighter IV,PC,Action,82,6.9,T,Capcom,The series evolves to a whole new level with Ultra Street Fighter IV for PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, and PC. Continuing the tradition of excellence the series is known for, five new characters and six new stages have been added for even more fighting mayhem, with rebalanced gameplay and original modes topping off this offering.
Ultra Sudoku & Ultra Kakuro,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Abacus Software,Ultra Sudoku/Kakuro prepares you for hours and hours of puzzle fun! Sudoku is a challenging number puzzle, where you'll have to arrange the number from 0 to 9 in the proper order. Kakuro is Sudoku's big brother -- you'll have to arrange cross sums so that they fit the grid. Challenge your brain with this popular set of puzzles!
UltraCorps,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Jaleco Entertainment,UltraCorps is recommended to anyone interested in a simplistic, slow-paced sci-fi strategy game.
Ultratron,PC,Action,No score yet,7.9,E,Puppy Games,Experience the gameplay of old-school arcade standards, updated for the 21st century. Unique retro-futuristic sound and graphics, player responsive difficulty, and a subtle system of tactics combined with classic gameplay make Ultratron a hypnotic arcade game. The last human has been slain by evil killer robots. You are the one remaining humanoid battle droid. Your mission: avenge the human race. Boost your battledroid with powerups, buy cute but deadly pets in the shop. Blast your way through 40+ glowing neon levels, avoiding Chasers, Turrets, Spawners, Minelayers, bombs, and bullets, and take on the four giant boss 'bots of the Apocalypse - Ieiunitas, Bellum, Lues and Letum.
ULTRAWORLD,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Neon Serpent LLC,A First-Person Explorer set in an expansive, vibrant, and totally abstract world. Help a lonely videogame character solve it's problems while going on the ultimate virtual vacation.
Umbra: Shadow of Death,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Colludium Ltd,NaN
Umbrella Corps,PC,Action,36,2.3,M,Capcom,Umbrella Corps brings a competitive experience featuring new types of strategy and technique blended with elements from the world of Resident Evil, to create a "unique" kind of shooter. 
Umihara Kawase,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Studio Saizensen,Play as `Umihara Kawase` with a rubber fishing line. Avoid fish-like enemies and more. Make your way to the end of each level, collecting items and finding along the way.
Umihara Kawase Shun,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Studio Saizensen,NaN
Umineko When They Cry,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,07th Expansion,NaN
Unaided: 1939,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Drix Studios,NaN
Unbox,PC,Action,68,tbd,NaN,Prospect Games,Unbox is a 90s style 3D platformer about the ultimate postal service, self-delivering cardboard boxes! Unbox has giant worlds full of challenges, collectibles and boxy boss battles!
Unbreakable Vr Runner,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Miikkka Asnabrygg,NaN
Unbreakable: Scorched Earth,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Labyrinth Interactive,NaN
Uncanny Valley,PC,Action Adventure,67,7.4,NaN,Cowardly Creations,Uncanny Valley is a survival horror game that includes a mix of exploration, puzzle solving and a bit of action with a lot of optional story content. The developers are trying to preserve the old survival horror kind of gameplay instead of following the modern trend of creating a third person shooter with horror elements. 
Uncharted Waters Online,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.2,E10+,Koei,Koei's naval combat game will take place online.
Uncharted Waters Online: 2nd Age,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TECMO KOEI GAMES CO., LTD., Tecmo Koei Games,Uncharted Waters Online is a historical sandbox MMORPG set in the Age of Sail, lasting from the 16th to mid-19th century. In this world, you are a captain commanding great ships. Explore the ancient wonders, trade from Europe to East Asia, and engage in epic naval battles.
Uncharted Waters Online: Inca Civilization,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,CJ E&M Games,Players can set sail for this new territory in the new expansion of Uncharted Waters Online Inca Civilization.
Uncharted Waters Online: Tierra Americana,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Koei,Tierra Americana is a five-part update to Uncharted Waters Online.
Uncle Henry's Playhouse Fun,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Trilobyte,NaN
Uncommon Valor: Campaign for the South Pacific,PC,Strategy,79,7.6,E,2By3 Games,You will find that you are not just playing a game but running a war! Uncommon Valor is a completely new operational game covering the campaigns for New Guinea, New Britain, New Ireland and the Solomon chain from May 1942 to the end of December 1943. The scale is 30 miles per hex and the attrition factor is individual vehicles, guns and squads. Phases are one day, composed of two 12-hour impulses. A turn is composed of 1 to 7 phases, at the player's discretion. He may also choose continuous play and may interrupt that by pressing a key. [Matrix Games]
UNCONSCIOUS,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Wajdi Manai,NaN
Uncopy,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,0xc0dec,NaN
Uncraft World,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Studio TeamShuriken,NaN
Uncrewed,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Quite Different Mechanics,NaN
Uncrowded,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,1.3,NaN,Kotach,NaN
Undead Legions,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Key17 Games,NaN
Undead Overlord,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,JumpCore Productions,Raw, aggressive hunger - there's nothing like being a Zombie when you want to do some damage. Now you can control your own group of zombies.
Undead Paradise,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,johnnyl7,NaN
V ARRR,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Blackjard Softworks,NaN
V-Rally Edition '99,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Eden Studios,Racing insanity! Over 40 original tracks, 11 official World Rally Championship cars, tracks in 8 worldwide locations, realistic race physics and smooth car handling, diverse terrain such as jungles, canyons, deserts, mountains and more, unstable weather patterns like rain, fog, snow and cloudy. Adjust car performance characteristics to suit varied road conditions. Bonus and hidden cars and tracks to unlock!
VA-11 Hall-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action,PC,Simulation,77,8.0,NaN,Sukeban Games,VA-11 HALL-A: Cyberpunk Bartender Action is a booze em' up about waifus, technology, and post-dystopia life. 
Vacation Quest: Australia,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,PopCap,Take a trip Down Under as you search for hidden clues to unlock new adventures and extend your stay in Vacation Quest: Australia.
Vacation Quest: The Hawaiian Islands,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,PopCap,Discover your passport to the world's most exotic locations! Relax in the tropics as you search for hidden clues to extend your vacation and unlock new adventures. Are you ready to go?Explore 28 island scenes in search of over 2,300 hidden objects. If you find the seashells in each location you'll earn bonus days and tour new sites. Fill your vacation journal with your achievements and go for a Perfect Search to boost your score! Kick back in untimed Vacation mode or compete against the clock. It's your own tropical paradise!
Vaccine War,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Games For Tutti,NaN
Vagrant Hearts,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warfare Studios,In a world scared by wars and conflicts, where power is the ultimate solution for lords and kings, the people have always been left behind, their interest and beliefs is of no significance in times of war. There is one organization, called The Brotherhood, which was built by wise individuals with the purpose of the aiding the people, to satisfy it's needs. After many years of struggling, the people of Azulel can finally see a tiny light at the end of the tunnel...
Vagrant Hearts 2,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warfare Studios,Azulel can once again enjoy a peaceful era, after Valmor was defeated the Brotherhood has restored it's reputation and the Kingdom has never been so praised. However, difficult times are approaching in lands not too far away...
Vagrant Hearts Zero,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warfare Studios,A world divided by those blessed with magic, and those denied this gift.
Vairon's Wrath,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Myoubouh Corp,NaN
Valcarta: Rise of the Demon,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Blacksword Games,NaN
Valdis Story: Abyssal City,PC,Action,83,8.1,NaN,Endless Fluff,Valdis Story A.C. is a side scrolling action adventure for P.C. with an emphasis on intricate and rewarding combat as well as deep play style customization. The player will assume the role of Wyatt as they explore the ruins of a holy city that was lost many years ago. Wyatt must battle various types of demons, angels, and a new threat tentatively known as Ferals using swordsmanship, martial arts, and sorcery. There are many customizable skills and equipment that will aid Wyatt on his journey.
VALENS,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Digitallion,NaN
Valentino Rossi The Game,PC,Racing,72,6.2,E,Milestone, Milestone S.r.l,A videogame entirely dedicated to the career of Valentino Rossi, the 9 time World Champion. Experience the career of Valentino from his perspective in a series of 20 challenges from his first race in 1996 up to 2015. Jump into a new career starting at the VR|46 Academy and taking you up to World Champion. During the championship, Valentino will ask you to take part in different events like drifting, flat, R1M-only races, and rally in order to improve his abilities. 
Valerie Porter and the Scarlet Scandal,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,PlayFirst,Murder, scandal and your first big break! Youre a young, aspiring reporter, hungry for your first big scoop in the male-dominated world of 1920s journalism. Not settling for your role as secretary, you soon stumble upon a high-profile murder, a scandalous cover up and the framing of an innocent man. Using your keen intuition and razor-sharp wit, you must find hidden clues, locate missing objects and uncover enough evidence to solve the murder to help an innocent man go free.
Valhalla Chronicles,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.0,T,Paradox Interactive,Venture into Viking territory in Valhalla Chronicles, the stunning 3D role-playing game that takes you on a mythological adventure filled with discovery, adventure and raging wars. As one of four heroes you must interact with humans and gods in order to complete your mission. Take on the role of the powerful and fierce Grim, the catlike and quick-minded Tuva, the young and enthusiastic Hymer, or the burly Thorgeir, a whiz with a weapon, and encounter the powerful and short fused Thor, god of thunder, the wise Odin, god of magic and wisdom, and the vile and deceitful Loke, half god and half-giant, on your quest. [Big City Games]
Valhalla Hills,PC,Strategy,69,7.6,NaN,Daedalic Entertainment,Valhalla Hills is a humorous new civilization-building strategy game from Daedalic Entertainment.
Valiant Hearts: The Great War,PC,Action,79,8.6,T,Ubisoft Montpellier,The story of crossed destinies and a broken love in a world torn apart. All of them will try to survive the horror of the trenches following their faithful canine companion. In Valiant Hearts: The Great War, the lives of all these characters are inextricably drawn together over the course of the game. Friendship, love, sacrifice, and tragedy befall each one as they help each other to retain their humanity against the horrors of war. 
Valiant: Resurrection,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warfare Studios,Travel to the cloud land of Asteria, home of the mighty titans, and all types of magical creatures. Its here where Argo and his dragon Golagros must go to restore the life of a fallen princess. With the help of the inhabitants, you must face the Fallen Titans and avoid the Judges, a shadow race, who watch over all of Asteria.
Valkyria Chronicles,PC,General,85,8.2,T,Sega,Includes all previously released downloadable content. Set in a fictitious continent harkening back to the 1930s, Valkyria Chronicles highlights a Europe divided in two and governed by two powers: the Empire and the Federation. The Empire has designs on invading the small neutral country of Gallia, located between the two superpowers' territories, in an attempt to secure precious natural resources. Amidst this struggle a hero named Welkin, and his fellow soldiers of the Federation's Seventh Platoon, are fighting back against the invasion and the Empires attempts to unify the continent under its power.
Valkyrius,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Iridescent Games,NaN
Valkyrius Prime,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Iridescent Games,NaN
Valley,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.9,T,Blue Isle Studios,Explore the vast and beautiful game world of Valley using the power of the L.E.A.F. SUIT: a fierce exoskeleton that grants exceptional speed and agility along with the phenomenal ability to manipulate the life and death of all living things.
Valley of Death,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Armadyne Studios,NaN
Valzar,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Whale Nebula,NaN
Vampire Legends: The True Story of Kisilova,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Organic 2 Digital Studio,NaN
Vampire of the Sands,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Homph,NaN
Vampire Saga 3: Break Out,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,T,Alawar Entertainment, Inc, Alawar Entertainment,When Doctor Crow is beckoned to the town of Hill Lock in order to perform an autopsy on a mutilated cadaver, he soon realizes that Hill Lock is no ordinary town. Come nightfall, the townspeople morph from nice, law abiding citizens into hot-blooded, murderous nymphs. Using his deceased daughter as his guide, Dr. Crow will come to understand the roots of this terror one decrepit being at a time.
Vampire Saga: Pandora's Box,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,With a chilling crime at the center of its spellbinding story, Vampire Saga is not intended for the faint of heart. Join Matthew Ward as he steals aboard a cargo ship to escape the violence of the Spanish-American War, passes out and then wakes up to find himself alone with several sinister-looking coffins. Where did the crew go? Why is Matthew having strange visions? And why does he feel like he's being watched? You'll answer these and other questions as you explore eerie locations, search for hidden objects and follow a story full of nerve-pricking encounters. Along the way, atmospheric music and sound effects will immerse you in the events unfolding on your computer screen. Without a doubt, this captivating mystery thriller will give you the creeps!
Vampire Saga: Welcome to Hell Lock,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,T,Alawar Entertainment, Inc, Alawar Entertainment,Vampire Saga: Welcome to Hell Lock is the second installment in Alawar's Vampire Saga series.
Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines,PC,Role-Playing,80,9.0,M,Troika Games,Presenting Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines, a visually stunning first-person role-playing adventure that combines intense first-person action with an open, non-linear world, rich character development and an immersive storyline. Built using Valve Source Technology - the same game engine technology used to power Half-Life 2, Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines is based on White Wolf's pen-and-paper RPG series, and developed by renowned RPG developer - Troika Games. The game plunges players into the dark and gritty vampire underworld of modern day L.A. as a creature of the night, interacting with and battling mortals and other creatures of darkness with an incredible array of vampire powers, skills and traits. [Activision]
Vampire: The Masquerade - Redemption,PC,Role-Playing,74,8.4,M,Nihilistic,Your unholy showdown begins in Europe and rages on into the modern day as you track a soulless enemy in an eternal struggle to destroy him.  [Activision]
Vampires: Guide Them to Safety!,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,CBE software s.r.o.,A comedy puzzler where non-glittering bobbleheaded ignorants meet reversed tower defense. A genre mix where strategy, puzzle and action meet fun and frustration. The goal of the game is to guide bobbleheads through a labyrinth and into their crypts while avoiding obstacles, traps and vampire hunters.
Vampireville,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,ValuSoft,Malgray Manor has been the ancestral home to the Malgrays for hundreds of years. However, strange lights and noises have been coming from the house. You are called upon to explore the manor and it’s strange goings on as a psychic investigator. What ancient family secrets will you unearth in your paranormal search? 
Van Helsing I: Complete Pack,PC,Role-Playing,85,8.2,NaN,NeocoreGames,The pack includes the base game (The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing) and everything that's been introduced to the gameplay since the launch of the original. That means the three paid DLCs (Blue Blood, Thaumaturge, Arcane Mechanic), all updates since release (added scenario mode, improved UI, etc.) and new improvements that will be released now with the Complete Pack (PVP mode for 16 players, Endgame Content - Neverending Story and new Scenario levels, monster respawn, new netcode, PC controller support).
Van Helsing: Arcane Mechanic,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NeocoreGames,You probably thought that Weird Science was your enemy. And yes, you were right, but you can always fight fire with fire, as the saying goes. Or, more fittingly, fight those artificial monsters with arcane machinery: engulf them with poisonous fumes, scorch them with tongues of flame or deploy mechanical allies and traps and let them do the rest. 
Van Helsing: Blue Blood,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NeocoreGames,NaN
Van Helsing: Thaumaturge,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NeocoreGames,NaN
Vancouver 2010 - The Official Video Game of the Olympic Winter Games,PC,Sports,57,3.7,E,Eurocom Entertainment Software,Experience the thrill and adrenaline of the Olympic Winter Games of Vancouver 2010. Carve your way down the slopes and across the ice as you aim to reach the pinnacle of your sport and claim a gold medal for your country. Featuring only the fastest, highest and most spectacular events from the Olympic Winter Games, Vancouver 2010 immerses the player, first person, in the adrenaline, danger and glory of the world’s greatest winter multisport event. Feel the speed and adrenaline of the athletes at the Olympic Winter Games at each Olympic venue; hurtle down mountains, ice runs, over jumps and around ice rinks. 14 Premium events in which to earn gold - Including giant slalom, snowboard cross, downhill and bobsleigh, every event focused on speed or danger, and most on both. Fine tune your skills in a range of challenge modes. Such as 'Smashing the Snowmen' and 'Speed Bands' in a first for this kind of mode in an official Olympic title. Take your snow boots online. Set a new world record and see if anybody can knock you off the top of the leaderboard. Defeat your friends online or in the front room. Earn the ultimate bragging rights in up to 4 player split-screen action, or in online head-to-head competition. [Sega]
Vangers: One for the Road,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,8.4,NaN,K-D Lab,Vangers is adventure. It's wild races, weird rituals, fights, puzzles and a bit of RPG. But the biggest part of Vangers is something that can't be ranged in a particular genre-exploring the world. Vangers gives the player a unique chance to see a world where legends and tales are all that's left of the human race. Not only see it, but also be a part of it. The Vanger's home is a mechos, and the main goal is survival. Vangers means freedom. Freedom of choice, freedom of intentions, freedom of morals and conscience. From the outset, this weird world will encourage you to do some little things, then something bigger and odder. Every character in the game has their own goals and ways. Every world of the Lost Chain hides surprises. These are parts of some supernatural mystery, or maybe joke of some higher powers. The Vanger will be involved in hold-ups, encounter hired guns, stumble over annoying raffas that always get on the way, and watch discreet couriers passing by. Live rocks will cross the road, and mushrooms and stinkers will try to get their bit off your life. And whatever happens, beebs will crackle under your wheels, adding to your cash. 
Vanguard Princess,PC,Action,No score yet,6.3,NaN,Sugeno Tomoaki,NaN
Vanguard Princess: Hilda Rize,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sugeno Tomoaki,NaN
Vanguard Princess: Kurumi,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sugeno Tomoaki,NaN
Vanguard Princess: Lilith,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sugeno Tomoaki,NaN
Vanguard: Saga of Heroes,PC,Role-Playing,68,7.1,T,Sigil Games Online,Vanguard: Saga of Heroes will be the premier third generation massively multiplayer RPG. A vast, seamless, immersive virtual world filled with elements of familiar High Fantasy, including traditional themes and more, all depicted using cutting-edge graphics technology. Sigil's expertise and experience in the field will bring groundbreaking static and dynamic content to the genre. Vanguard will build upon the successes and strengths of earlier MMOGs to improve popular game mechanics and features, but also address these pioneering games' mistakes and deficiencies. Vanguard will focus heavily on interdependence, challenge, and reward, while simultaneously addressing tedious and annoying issues, including camping, excessive downtime and more. [Sigil Games]
Vanguards,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,BYU Games,NaN
Vanilla Bagel: The Roguelike,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sergey Bobrov,NaN
VANISH,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,3DrunkMen,NaN
Vanquish: The Adventures of Lady Exton,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Runestone Studios,NaN
Vapour,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Skobbejak Games,An experimental horror game, that fuses elements of both old school and modern horror titles with the frantic game play of classic First Person Shooter titles.
Vault Cracker: The Last Safe,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gogii Games,Melissa lives an ideal life with her son Noah, but she's no ordinary mom. She was once one of the most sought-after cat burglars in the world. She's given up her life of crime and after living for years under a false identity, she took a trip to her hometown with her son. She thought it was safe. Things go wrong when Noah goes missing at the airport; Melissa's only clue is a phone call with a demand. It's been a long time but now she has one last job. With the help of her old friend Mouse, Melissa must find her son, his kidnapper and avoid the police radar. And she's going to have to crack a few safes along the way.
Vault of Darkness,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,M,NaN,The Vault of Darkness collection includes five horror-themed titles: American McGee's Alice, Clive Barker's Undying, Dracula Resurrection, Dracula: The Last Sanctuary, and Dungeon Keeper 2.
Vector,PC,Action,No score yet,7.7,NaN,Nekki,Vector is an arcade-style game featuring you as the exceptional free runner who won’t be held down by the system. The game opens with a view into a totalitarian world where freedom and individually is nothing more than a distant dream. But the heart of a freerunner is strong, and you soon break free. 
Vector 36,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Red River Studio LLC,NaN
Vector Assault,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,WizByte Games,Vector Assault is a fast paced dual stick shooter where you have to survive a onslaught of enemy attackers. The more enemies you defeat the higher your score will become. Try to achieve the highest score possible across multiple game modes, and levels. Compete against your friends and other players to see who can get the highest score on the online leaderboards. Or you can play cooperatively with a friend in local multiplayer.
Vector Strain,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,OMNIDREAM CREATIONS,NaN
Vector Thrust,PC,Simulations,57,5.0,NaN,timesymmetry,Vector Thrust is an action-arcade combat flight simulator, with a cel shaded art style for PC. With an extensive variety of game modes Vector Thrust aims to please both players wanting to get straight into the sky and those who love a flexible, diverse and customizable gaming experience. 
Vectorman,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Sega,By the year 2049, Earth has been turned into a toxic waste dump. Humankind has fled into space leaving behind an army of mechanized Orbots to clean up the mess.
Vectorman 2,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Sega,A routine sludge barge excursion is cut short when a mysterious missile critically damages VectorMans ship.
Veer,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Some-Fish,NaN
VeeR Pong,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Ian Slattery,NaN
VEGA Conflict,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Kixeye,NaN
Vega Strike,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Vega Strike Team,NaN
Vega Tank,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Vega Play,NaN
Vegas Casino Challenge,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,eGames,With Vegas Casino Challenge, you can sharpen your skills in a variety of casino games such as Texas Hold 'Em. The game features seven poker variations, six casino layouts, and 60 slot machines.
Vegas Tycoon,PC,Strategy,76,7.4,T,Deep Red,(Also known as "Vega$: Make it Big") Develop a small den into a second-to-none complex and resort centre, using all the knowledge and management skill you can. Throughout the living, breathing environment of Las Vegas Boulevard, you will find customers notoriously difficult to satisfy and a huge range of exciting attractions, all designed to bring you maximum money. Competition is tough out on The Strip, can you create an entertainment resort to win the hearts and wallets of VEGA$? [Empire Interactive]
Vegas: Make It Big,PC,Strategy,No score yet,5.0,T,Deep Red,Develop a state-of-the art Las Vegas resort complex, using all the money and management skill you can. Customers on the living, breathing Las Vegas boulevard are Notoriously hard to satisfy - can you win the hearts and wallets of Vegas?
Veggie Tales: Minnesota Cuke and the Coconut Apes,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NaN,NaN
Vehicle Simulator,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Quality Simulations,NaN
Veilia,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gawkfish Studios,Veilia is an exploration adventure game, which focuses on the story of Veilia, a cursed girl who has been separated from her body. It is now your job to help her in her search for her old body as well as the sorcerer that took it from her. 
Vektor Wars,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Super Icon Ltd,Serious Robot Blasting Fun! Fast-paced First Person Combat.
Velocibox,PC,Action,No score yet,6.8,NaN,Shawn Beck,Think youre fast? Most do, until they meet Velocibox. Experience lightning-fast twitch gameplay, with mind-bending flips and spins, that is sure to challenge (and maybe frustrate) even the most hardcore of hardcore gamers. Velocibox will test your abilities to the brink, and beyond.
Velocity 2X,PC,Action,No score yet,5.6,NaN,FuturLab,Velocity 2X is the highly anticipated sequel to Velocity Ultra that features amazing puzzle-platforming action alongside award-winning top-down shoot em-up gameplay!
Velocity Stream,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cavelight Entertainment,In Velocity Stream one player takes control over the Paver, a spacecraft that flies through the game world, leaving a trail of energy in its wake. It's on this trail that the other players race each other. 
Velocity Ultra,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,FuturLab,Velocity Ultra is a top down shooter that puts you in control of the galaxy’s only Quarp Jet, an advanced spacecraft with the ability to teleport at will. Tasked with rescuing survivors from a collapsed black hole, you’ll need to use both firepower and quick-wits to catapult the Quarp Jet through 50 levels of sci-fi action. 
Velvet Assassin,PC,Action,61,6.2,M,Replay Studios, ML Enterprises,Velvet Assassin is a stealth-action game set in World War II and is inspired by real-life British secret agent Violette Szabo. Players assume the role of Violette Summer and head deep behind enemy lines with no support or official backing from the British Government. Violette risks her life fighting to defeat the German war machine one stealth mission at a time. Velvet Assassin combines lush, surreal visuals and a ground-breaking stealth combat system to deliver a gaming experience which is truly the first of its kind. [Gamecock Media]
Velvet Sundown,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.9,NaN,Tribe Studios,A social multiplayer role-playing game, taking place on a luxury yacht cruising the waters of a fictitious Caribbean state of Balbonia. Embark on a journey full of conspiracies, trickery and secrets where you can never tell a friend from foe.
Vendetta Online,PC,Role-Playing,62,7.3,T,Guild Software,Vendetta Online is a massively multiplayer game, debuting this summer, which will permit thousands of players to interact as the pilots of spaceships in a vast universe. Users may build their characters in any direction they desire, becoming rich captains of industry, military heros, or outlaws. A fast-paced, realtime "twitch" style combat model gives intense action, coupled with the backdrop of RPG gameplay in a massive online galaxy. Three major player factions form a delicate balance of power, with several NPC sub-factions creating situations of economic struggle, political intrigue and conflict. The completely persistent universe and detailed storyline add to the depth of immersion, resulting in a unique online experience. [Guild Software]
Vendetta: Curse of Raven's Cry,PC,Strategy,No score yet,3.7,NaN,Reality Pump,Vendetta: Curse of Raven’s Cry is a third person, open world action-RPG that combines swordplay with naval battles and exploration. Assume the role of dread pirate Christopher Raven and take your revenge on Captain Neville Scranton and the men who killed your family.
Venetica,PC,Role-Playing,61,6.9,T,Deck 13,Set in the fantastic world of long ago Venice, the young Scarlett falls victim to a terrible mystery, which begins with the murder of her companion by a secretive alliance of mighty necromancers. Thus fate takes its inevitable course and threatens to throw the world out of order. Scarlett finds out that she is the daughter of death incarnate and is blessed with his ultimate powers. She is the only one who can stop the gruesome powers that threaten to destroy the entire living world. Now it's your chance to reverse fate! Get ready for a fast-paced adventure set in an epic world filled with dark dangers and merciless adversaries. Arm yourself with mighty weapons, rally together powerful allies and master the dark powers of death. Can you conquer the powers that threaten to inescapably destroy the world of the living? Follow your path down into the deepest abyss to death itself - and back again, if you are worthy. [DTP]
Vengeance Road,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Warfare Studios,Gallagar used to be a fragile country, weak and without respect. That was until Queen Lilliana took the throne for herself. Slowly things started to change, the country became stronger, it now inspires fear into enemies. However, that was not without cost, in that long path the people were forgotten, Gallagar became a place of terror both for enemies and for those who call it home.
Venice Deluxe,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Retro64,Hop in your gondola, aim high and rescue the sinking buildings of Venice by restoring their lost treasures. Launch coins, lyres and rings into the matching shapes moving overhead. But beware: blocks and traps could give you a sea of troubles. Stay afloat with smart timing and nifty trick shots. Do you have what it takes to save Venice?
Venture Forth,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Arclight Worlds,NaN
Venus Hostage,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mirage-lab,NaN
Venusian Vengeance,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Renegade Sector Games,NaN
Vera Blanc: Full Moon,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Winter Wolves Game Studio,Vera Blanc is a mystery / detective game.
Vera Blanc: Ghost in the Castle,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Winter Wolves Game Studio,Take on the role of Vera Blanc, a young and beautiful woman with an extraordinary power: the ability to read other people's minds!
Verde Station,PC,Sci-Fi,No score yet,4.8,NaN,Duelboot,What do you trust most — what you see, what you're told, or your instincts? On a year long solo mission aboard Verde Station, you will test your wits, question everything, and strain to keep your sanity. Welcome to solitude.
Verdict Guilty,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Retro Army Limited,NaN
Verdun,PC,Action,70,7.8,NaN,M2H, Blackmill Games,Verdun is a multiplayer FPS set in a realistic First World War setting. The trench warfare offers a unique battlefield experience, immersing you and your squad into battles of attack and defense. The game takes place on the western front between 1914 and 1918, in one of the bloodiest conflicts in world history. The developers were inspired by the infamous Battle of Verdun in 1916. The game offers 4 distinct game-modes: Frontlines, Attrition, Rifle Deathmatch, and Squad Defense. There are also many historically accurate features such as realistic WW1 weaponry, authentic uniforms, horrendous gore, and maps based on the real battlefields of France and Belgium.
Verdy's Adventure,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Valhalla Infinite,NaN
VERGE:Lost chapter,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mamedov Yuriy,NaN
Veridia Tactics,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Trisfald,NaN
VERLIES II,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Koya Game,NaN
Vermillion Watch: Moorgate Accord,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Eipix Entertainment,NaN
Verminest,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Locomalito,NaN
Verminian Trap,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Locomalito,NaN
Veronica Rivers: The Order of the Conspiracy,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Big Fish Games,NaN
Versus Game,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Diezel Power,NaN
VERSUS: The Lost Ones,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Choice of Games,NaN
Wacky Wheels,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Beavis-Soft,NaN
Wacky Wheels HD,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Ferocity 2D,NaN
WackyMoles,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,CrystalGame,NaN
Waddle Home,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Archiact Interactive Ltd.,NaN
Wages of War: The Business of Battle,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Random Games Inc.,Kick ass, take names, and collect your paychecks! Wages of War is outstanding - when it doesn't crash.
Wailing Heights,PC,Adventure,70,6.9,NaN,Outsider Games,A body-hopping, musical adventure game, set in a horrific hamlet of monsters, with a story by Kevin Beimers (Hector: Badge of Carnage) and glorious 2D artwork from a host of illustrious comic book talent.
Wait - Extended,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,rest.less Games,"Wait" is a mystery horror game, inspired by the works of H.P Lovecraft and the Silent Hill series. The gameplay is put together by elements of exploration and riddle solving. Experience horror without jump scares or fighting monsters, but with the fear of the unknown and unimaginable. 
Wake,PC,Action,No score yet,2.8,NaN,Boss Baddie,NaN
Wake Up,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Black Cell OG,Experience a shattered and surreal dream filled with fascinating riddles, where your only guide is an elusive butterfly. Can you make the journey and wake up?
Wake Up Call,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,MZ|One,NaN
Wakeboarding Unleashed Featuring Shaun Murray,PC,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Beenox,HANG ON FOR YOUR LIFE! Rip across a lake behind a screaming speedboat, tricking through dangerous terrain with only a sliver of wakeboard between you and the blistering water below. Catch mind-blowing air in 9 exotic locations around the world-from Lake Powell to Hong Kong Harbor. Tired Already? Then steer the boat and help your friend pull off challenging technical ticks on the most realistic-looking water ever. Team up in CO-OP, you drive, as your friend flies! [Aspyr Media]
WAKFU,PC,Role-Playing,76,5.5,NaN,Ankama Games,In WAKFU, players can use the skills of their characters to fight fierce fauna and flora using magic, martial arts or new technologies.
Waking Mars,PC,Action,79,7.7,NaN,Tiger Style,In 2097, life is discovered on Mars. When your mission of first contact becomes trapped by a cave-in, you must master the alien ecosystem to survive. Soon you stumble upon more than anyone expected, and with time running out, you will make a decision that determines the fate of a lost planet.
Walk,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gray C Studios,NaN
Walk The Light,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Anti Crunch Studios,NaN
Walkover,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Millenium Project Enterprises,NaN
Wall Street Trader 2000,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Monte Cristo Multimedia,The developers made a very impressive attempt to make a financial simulator that's worthy of being called a game.
WALL-E,PC,Action,58,6.8,E,Heavy Iron Studios,What if mankind had to leave Earth, and somebody forgot to turn the last robot off? After hundreds of lonely years of doing what he was built for, WALL-E (short for Waste Allocation Load Lifter Earth-Class) discovers a new purpose in life (besides collecting knick-knacks) when he meets a sleek search robot named EVE. EVE comes to realize that WALL-E has inadvertently stumbled upon the key to the planet’s future, and races back to space to report her findings to the humans (who have been eagerly awaiting word that it is safe to return home). Meanwhile, WALL-E chases EVE across the galaxy and sets into motion one of the most exciting and imaginative comedy adventures ever brought to the big screen. Joining WALL-E on his fantastic journey across a universe of never-before-imagined visions of the future, is a hilarious cast of characters including a pet cockroach, and a heroic team of malfunctioning misfit robots. Players of the game take control of WALL-E and EVE through a fast-paced adventure based on the Disney/Pixar film. The game allows fans to relive some of the movie’s most thrilling moments as they explore 10 worlds filled with non-stop action and adventure, along with head-to-head multiplayer challenges. Players will recognize the storyline, characters and key locations from the WALL-E film as they carry out intense missions, dodge dangerous enemies and navigate their way through a futuristic world. In addition, the game contains new storylines and environments that movie-goers will not see in theaters. [THQ]
Wallace & Gromit's Grand Adventures,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Telltale Games,Wallace & Gromit's Grand Adventures contains four episodes that are delivered monthly.
Wallace & Gromit's Grand Adventures, Episode 1: Fright of the Bumblebees,PC,Miscellaneous,76,7.5,NaN,Telltale Games,[Xbox Live Arcade]  Enter the colorful world of West Wallaby Street in the first of four cracking adventures in Wallace & Gromit Episode 1: Fright of the Bumblebees. In this first episode, the inventor and his loyal pooch are faced with a big problem. They need 50 gallons of honey by tonight - far more than their bees can handle. When Wallace's plans to step up production go horribly awry, it falls to Gromit to fight off the angry swarm. Featuring a brand new story with the same slapstick humour, cinematic visuals, and charm that fans of the Wallace & Gromit films have come to love, Fright of the Bumblebees kicks off this four-episode series in cracking style. [TellTale]
Wallace & Gromit's Grand Adventures, Episode 2: The Last Resort,PC,Miscellaneous,72,8.6,E,Telltale Games,When unrelenting rain ruins their holiday plans, Wallace & Gromit bring the beach to 62 West Wallaby with a makeshift resort — in their basement. Keeping customers satisfied is tricky business, especially when one of them is clocked on the head by an unknown assailant. Whodunnit? Find out... with a little help from Wallace's latest invention, the Deduct-o-matic! [TellTale Games]
Wallace & Gromit's Grand Adventures, Episode 3: Muzzled!,PC,Miscellaneous,75,7.5,NaN,Telltale Games,Monty Muzzle, a newcomer in town, is holding a grand fundraiser to rebuild the local dog shelter. Gromit soon realizes that Muzzle's intentions aren't exactly charitable and he must foil the huckster's plot to save the town's investment and rescue his canine friends. [Telltale Games]
Wallace & Gromit's Grand Adventures, Episode 4: The Bogey Man,PC,Miscellaneous,72,7.9,E,Telltale Games,Wallace has been admitted to Prickly Thicket, the oldest country club in Lancashire. Wallace and his faithful caddie Gromit get wrapped up in a decades-old club dispute that threatens to destroy their peaceful West Wallaby lifestyle, and the duo must fight to save the neighborhood they hold dear! [TellTale Games]
WALLSLIDE,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Flashing Lights Studio,NaN
Walt Disney World Quest: Magical Racing Tour,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Crystal Dynamics,Catch The Magic!
Waltz of the Wizard,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Aldin Dynamics,NaN
WALUK,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,ZELPAD-GAMES,NaN
Wand Wars,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Moonradish Inc.,NaN
Wanda - A Beautiful Apocalypse,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.8,NaN,Kodots Games,Wanda is a minimalist story-rich puzzle about two robotic lifeforms finding happiness, companionship and hope in a lonely post-apocalyptic world.
Wander,PC,Simulation,No score yet,4.3,NaN,Wander,Wander is a game focused on exploration and joy.
Wander (2015),PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gnarslogge,NaN
Wander No More,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zetsubou,NaN
Wanderer of Teandria,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Silentplaygames,NaN
Wandering Willows,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,E10+,PlayFirst,Ready for a new adventure? Welcome to Wandering Willows, a whimsical world full of wondrous wildlife and engaging quests. With over forty enchanting pets for you to befriend and train, you're sure to find just the right help completing quests for the land's amusing inhabitants, who range from gruff pirates to rocket ship commanders. Garden, bake, and create clothing and bouquets with the treasures your pet fetches for you. You might even find a new pet egg to hatch! Spend some time in Wandering Willows today!
Wanderjahr,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Workyrie Game Studio,101 years ago, that's when we found it. The Universal Source Code. It's the source code to all that has existed, and all that ever will. And as we came to understand it, we sought to change it, to recreate a world free of evil and malevolence. A world that will finally know peace. To this end, we have conquered countless impossibilities. We are only two weeks away from the final phase. But then...
Wanderlust Adventures,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,5.2,NaN,Yeti Trunk,Wanderlust Adventures is an online, free-roaming, open world, action adventure RPG. Join fellow heroes online, explore vast and deadly landscapes, and capture companions to aid you in your quest. Forge powerful items, salvage artifacts, and crush the souls of menacing foes.
Wanderlust: Rebirth,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,4.9,NaN,Yeti Trunk,Wanderlust: Rebirth is an online four player co-op arcade-action RPG set in the uniquely crafted fantasy world, Valandria. The heroes are summoned to Westhaven Arena to prove their worth as heroes of old legend.
Wanted: A Wild Western Adventure,PC,Action Adventure,66,8.4,E,Revistonic, Revistronic, (Also known as "Fenimore Fillmore: The Westerner")  Riding his horse out somewhere in the Wild West, our hero, Fenimore Fillmore comes to a place where some farmers have settled down. A powerful rancher, lord and master of the whole area, wants to get rid of the farmers, who he sees as invaders of name of the evil rancher, has a small army of gunmen and thugs, who spend their time threatening and terrifying the farmers, who are few in number and poorly armed. Fenimore, of course,  will side with the weakest and will help them take on Starek. After going to a meeting on the farmers, where they tell him about their problems, Fenimore knows what he must do and he feels it even more keenly when he's checked out the whole area, visiting the village, which is also under Starek's control. The sheriff, the banker, the station master and the others all work for the same boss, which means that Fenimore won't be able to count on them, in fact just the opposite, he'll have to take them all on. There's just one person apart from Fenimore on the farmers' side and that the wicked Starek's own niece, a beautiful girl called Rhiannon, who works, against her uncle's wishes, as teacher of the farmers' children. Fenimore, of course, falls straightaway under the spell of the girl, which gives him a good reason to fight even harder for the farmers. Fenimore faces up to endless trials, both great and small as he tries to defend them, taking on Starek's men, first in a fist fight in the village and later with his gun in an ambush. In short: non-stop action, humor, a range of tough but amusing sitations, and all with the unmistakable flabor of the Wild West. [Revistronic]
Wanted: Weapons of Fate,PC,Action,62,7.3,M,GRIN,Based on Universal Pictures' action-thriller Wanted, this game promises to deliver the same fantastic visual style, in-your-face attitude and edge-of-your-seat action as the blockbuster motion picture. The game continues the story of hero Wesley Gibson, picking up the action where the film leaves off and creating an entirely new chapter exploring both Wesley's journey to becoming an unmatched überassassin and the epic fiction of "The Fraternity." Featuring intense third-person action, the Wanted video game will take combat to the next level with iconic moves -- such as "Curving Bullets" and "Assassin Time" -- drawn directly from the film, as well as an innovative, multi-layered cover mechanic.
War & Peace,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,Microids,This real-time strategy game lets players take part in the battles of the 19th century.
War Against Fear,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Stargon Games,NaN
War Along the Mohawk,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Edward Grabowski Communications Ltd.,War Along the Mohawk consists of a lot of good and ambitious ideas thrown into a melting pot and mixed haphazardly.
War Birds: WW2 Air strike 1942,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,HGames-ArtWorks,NaN
War Cube,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Artur Rezende,NaN
War for the Overworld,PC,Strategy,65,7.6,NaN,Subterranean Games,War for the Overworld is a Dungeon Management Game that employs your favourite aspects of the RPG, RTS and god game genres.
War for the Overworld: Heart of Gold,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Subterranean Games,The Emperor is gone and the Empire rudderless, the balance of power easily swayed to any Underlord that is not 600 feet under. You will now assume the role of rival Underlord, Kasita, and with the mentorship of the deliciously sardonic Mendechaus (voiced by Richard Ridings), you will sate your thirst for wealth and power in the golden and volcanic dukedom of Phaestus.
War Front: Turning Point,PC,Strategy,73,7.2,T,Digital Reality,Exploring an alternative approach on World War II, one in which Hitler is assassinated in the early days, players take command of experimental weapons, prototype vehicles and units rarely seen in strategy games in an attempt to re-write or secure the historical outcome. War Front is a WWII 3D RTS game providing fast-paced, adrenaline pumping conquests. Players feel the atmosphere of WW2 in a new environment; besides commanding their existing units, they have to care about reinforcements, resource management and researching new prototypes. Choose what missions to fight, what troops to use, and when to call in reinforcements. Completing objectives and capturing strategic locations such as train stations or airfields in each mission help you to win subsequent campaigns. Each mission has multiple primary and secondary objectives that are connected to other missions, providing almost limitless strategic choices. War Front is definitely not a 'historic simulation' but a game with FUN being its number one priority. Expect slightly excessive explosions. [CDV]
War Gods,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Eurocom Entertainment Software,WarGods fares much better as a PC game than it did amidst its quarter crunching competition.
War Guardian Chronicles Book 1: Song of Pisces,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Senshi.Labs,NaN
War in a Box: Paper Tanks,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nebuloasa SRL,Introduction: -Sir Yes Sir! We can deliver war anywhere! Do you want to start war immediately? Yes Sir, it is possible! -We can provide you a War in a Box! War in a Box is your best choice! -Less words, more action! -Just choose the right box and start commanding! Place our weapons... Burn them all! -Cannons, artillery, flack cannons and even Tesla at your service! Show them all who is the boss here! -Stop working! Start commanding! War in a Box will be delivered anywhere! Order War in a Box now! Story: Finally the war of paper tanks comes into your room! How long can you hold the defences against paper tanks. Build your towers of paper before they get out of the box and make a big mess in the room. Manage the turrets, upgrade and be careful where you put them... every decision can be fatal!Watch out for the air units, they have a different route! Amazing gameplay with incredible number of levels. Simple yet hugely addictive game. Features: True 3D game, not sprites! Zoom down to ground level. Also you can enter a turret and watch how it shoots and destroys the enemy units: armored cars, tanks, airplanes and zeppelins.
War In Space Arcade,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Twisty123456789,NaN
War in the Pacific,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Matrix Games,Half of the planet is involved in the Pacific Struggle, where ships and aircraft number in the tens of thousands. From mighty carriers and battleships to gunboats, War in the Pacific features an array of ships. The game also includes a variety of aircraft, ranging from the unusual P-39 and the nimble Zero to the heavy B-29 and the fast Corsair. Each commander has his own strengths and weaknesses, and it's up to you to guide him and his different units into battle.
War in the Pacific: Admiral's Edition,PC,Strategy,No score yet,7.6,NaN,Henderson Field Designs,This new expansion for the legendary War in the Pacific adds significant improvements and changes to enhance game play, improve realism, and increase historical accuracy. With dozens of new features, new art, and engine improvements, War in the Pacific: Admiral's Edition brings you the most realistic and immersive WWII Pacific Theater wargame ever!
War Inc.,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Optik,Much of War Inc.'s potential goes unfulfilled because the real-time combat doesn't measure up.
War Inc. Battle Zone,PC,Action,No score yet,4.5,NaN,Online Warmongers LLC,In the worlds first AAA, free to play, online multiplayer, session-based shooter game, players will compete with each other in fun action packed team vs. team ground combat. War Inc. Battle Zone will have multiple locations and a variety of modes and options for all players. 
War Leaders: Clash of Nations,PC,Strategy,No score yet,6.4,T,Enigma Software Productions,Could you imagine what would have happened if WWII was won by the Axis? ...What would have happened if the US didn't ally with France and UK, or if Italy and Japan didn't join Germany? ...What if Germany didn't invade Poland in 1939 or Russia in 1941?... or if Japan developed the nuclear bomb before the Americans? ... Could you imagine having the power of ruling a nation and all its military, diplomatic and economic strengths? ...of going to important battlefronts like Pearl Harbour or Normandy, manage thousands of troops, meet historical Heroes and Generals, and change the course of History or even write one of your own? Could you imagine being Winston Churchill, or Stalin? ...to deal with Roosevelt or Hitler? ...to win the war? ...or even to go beyond and conquer the World? In War Leaders, gamers will assume the role of historical commanders, in an attempt to lead their nations to victory in World War II through economic, diplomatic and military means. Players must lead their nations both on and off the battlefield, negotiating with allies while crushing those who dare oppose them. [Enigma]
War of Beach,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,LUCKY GIRLS LIMITED,NaN
War of the Human Tanks,PC,Strategy,No score yet,6.0,T,Fruitbat Factory,NaN
War of the Human Tanks - ALTeR,PC,Sci-Fi,No score yet,tbd,T,Yakiniku Banzai,The second installment of the War of the Human Tanks series, and sequel to War of the Human Tanks. This time you assume command of the enemy of the first game, the Royal Army, and fight back for all you hold dear.
War of the Human Tanks - Limited Operations,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Yakiniku Banzai,War of the Human Tanks - Limited Operations is the third and final game in the War of the Human Tanks series. Complete difficult missions with pre-assigned resources and face up against even harder opponents.
War of the Immortals,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,4.7,NaN,Perfect World Beijing,NaN
War of the Immortals: Lost Omen,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Perfect World Beijing,The Goddesses of Fate have convened to peer into the fate of all mortal beings. While Men still fight for survival and the gods continue to choose sides, the Goddesses of Fate have seen two possible outcomes.
War of the Immortals: Titan's Fury,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Perfect World Beijing,A new and more volatile threat has come to light as the Goddesses of Fate search for answers. The threat of extinction is now a possibility as the seal to the Titans Temple has been weakened. What power could possibly be responsible for this breach and who would be foolish enough to release the Titans? If released new alliances must be forged to stop the impending Doomsday and quell the Titans Fury!
War of the Roses,PC,Action,73,5.8,RP,Fatshark AB,War of the Roses is a new IP that transports players back in time to the battle-ravaged, dynastic civil war era of 15th century England where ownership of the throne of England was brutally fought over between supporters of two rival branches of the Royal House of Plantagenet - the house of Lancaster (the reds) and the house of York (the whites). A team-based multiplayer melee combat experience, War of The Roses sees players and their band of knights going toe-to-toe with their opponents using authentic and visceral weapons of the time period including broad swords, long bows and battle-axes. Built on a stunning graphics engine which vividly portrays the fighting from an up-close-and-personal third-person perspective, War of the Roses features both online multiplayer and a single-player campaign. Players will get the chance to lead their warrior through a rich progression system, gaining upgrades and unlocking new content on their path from filthy peasant to unstoppable armored killing machine.
War of the Vikings,PC,Action,62,6.1,RP,Fatshark AB,Developed by Fatshark, War of the Vikings is a new standalone entry into the War-franchise that will pull players into the brutal and bloody Viking Age, challenging them to design a personalized warrior and sack England as a mighty Norseman - or defend it as a brave Saxon. 
War of the Vikings: Berserker,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Fatshark AB,NaN
War of the Vikings: Shieldmaiden,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Fatshark AB,NaN
War on Folvos,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lonely Troops,NaN
War Operations,PC,First-Person,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Dynamic Games,Embark on secret missions in solo or co-op mode with human player. Destroy military installations and rescue hostages in this fast paced 3D FPS game which requires all of your skill and wit to complete.
War Plan Pacific,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,KE Studios,War Plan Pacific takes a bold approach to grand strategic wargaming. Balancing historical reality and gaming playability, War Plan Pacific makes commanding entire fleets and air groups highly intuitive, allowing gamers to easily concentrate on strategy rather than being bogged down in minutiae as would be expected in a game featuring such a massive scope of conflict. Not only that but War Plan Pacific was designed from the start to be playable in a single session! That's right, a Pacific War title that doesn't take as long as the real war to complete. [Shrapnel Games]
War Rock,PC,Action,53,5.5,T,Dream Execution,War Rock is an online, military, tactical, first-person-shooter featuring state of the art weapons, team or solo based play and unbelievable missions and maps. With five different character classes to master, gamers can play individually or in a team. Players can participate in three modes of gameplay including Close Quarters Combat, Urban Ops and Battlegroup. [K2 Network]
War Thunder,PC,Action,82,6.6,T,Gaijin Entertainment,War Thunder is a next generation MMO combat game dedicated to World War II military aviation, armored vehicles, and fleets. You will take part in all of the major combat battles, fighting with real players all over the world.
War Thunder: Ace Advanced Pack,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gaijin Entertainment,NaN
War Thunder: Dora Advanced Pack,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gaijin Entertainment,NaN
War Thunder: Mustang Advanced Pack,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gaijin Entertainment,NaN
War Thunder: Steam Pack,PC,Action,No score yet,3.7,NaN,Gaijin Entertainment,NaN
War Times,PC,Strategy,53,tbd,T,Legend Studios,These are times of fear. These are times of chaos. These are War Times. Follow the tumultuous era of the Second World War through the actions of Germany, Great Britain, the USA or the USSR; each nation is totally different and uses unique strategies in their attack and defense and all the campaigns are based on real historical events, bringing an unparalleled realism to the fight. Use the impenetrable German offensive squads, complete with the most powerful ground units, weapons and artillery. Conquer special missions with the USA's elite soldiers army and advanced vehicles. Stay on the defensive with Great Britain's unparalleled defensive units and radar detection. Or knock em' dead with the Russians unstoppable firepower on land, air or in the sea. [Strategy First]
War Truck Simulator,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,dev4play,NaN
War Wind,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,DreamForge Intertainment,It's a very strong contender for strategy game of the year.
War Wind II: Human Onslaught,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,DreamForge Intertainment,It may not be the most highly talked-about game ever to crash the real-time party, but it is certainly one of the most entertaining.
War World: Tactical Combat,PC,Action,74,7.7,NaN,Third Wave Games,War World is a fast paced, 3rd person online shooter where players build and battle the ultimate mech warriors. Designed for multiplayer mayhem, War World lets players challenge other warriors online as they try to work their way up the War World rankings ladder. As players move up the ladder, they are able to earn and purchase upgrades and enhancements for their mechs. War World will also offer several single player modes, 3D arcade style games, where players can upload their scores to the web site for bragging rights. After launch, War World will continue to flourish with new expansion packs being offered every couple of months. The first expansions will offer a fully customizable skin editor for the mechs, new mechs, new arenas and new weaponry. [Third Wave Games]
War, the Game,PC,Strategy,65,7.1,NaN,GabberGames,A real-time strategy for PC rigs in a realistic present day setting. The controls are intuitive, the game rules are simple and transparent. The game focuses on strategy and the use of ones brain to complete the scenarios. The map is a spherical version of earth.
WAR7,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,CPsoft,NaN
WarBirds,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Interactive Magic,In exchange for your money, you're getting a quality flight simulation with continued support and some of the most experienced opponents to ever play online.
WarBirds 2004,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,iEntertainment Network,WarBirds 2004 provides fighter and bomber aircraft, tanks and ground vehicles, ships, and aircraft carriers in re-creations of World War II combat. Now you can experience war in 21 new aircraft models across four new terrains. Customize your aircraft skins, gun sights, sounds, and gauges, and then fly against hundreds of players around the world. This year's WarBirds also features artillery spotting and firing, functional drop tanks, and enhanced sound and graphics.
WarBirds 2015,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,iEntertainment Network,NaN
WarBirds 2016,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,iEntertainment Network,WarBirds 2016 is now in its 20th year of simulating flight combat in World War II. The game includes solo and online versions with over 120 aricraft. New for 2016 are more planes, improved flight models, new terrain areas and more online special events.
WarBirds Dogfights 2016,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,iEntertainment Network,NaN
Warbirds Extreme,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Abacus Software,This expansion adds 11 modern military aircraft to Microsoft's Flight Simulator 2002 and Combat Flight Simulator 2.
WarBirds III,PC,Simulation,78,6.3,NaN,iEntertainment Network,WarBirds is an Award Winning, massively multiplayer simulation of World War II aerial combat, with sea and ground vehicles as well. [iEntertainment Network]
Warbirds of WWII,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NaN,NaN
WarBirds Red Baron,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,T,iEntertainment Network,In WarBirds Red Baron, players will be able to launch in one of over 12 different, accurately modeled World War I aircraft! Sopwith Camel versus a Fokker DR VII is an example of the fun and challenging air battles that players can choose to test their flying skills!
WarBirds: Dawn of Aces 2016,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,iEntertainment Network,NaN
WarBirds: Dogfights,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,iEntertainment Network,Gamers choose one of three levels of pilot expertise: Rookie, Pilot, or the highly skilled Ace.  They can select among 100 historically accurate aircraft to meet an armada of incoming aircraft in over 40 combat mission combinations. With its dynamic game engine, no two air battles will ever be the same.  In each air battle the player can score points, build rank, and acquire medals to compete for the coveted title of WGFP - Worlds' Greatest Fighter Pilot!
Warbit,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Rakarnov Studios,NaN
WarBreeds,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,Red Orb Entertainment,WarBreeds harbors many great ideas and features. Unfortunately, these are hampered by a lackluster manual and gameplay glitches.
Warcommander,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Independent Arts,WarCommander can be categorized as a tactical RTS game and promises great depth as well as breathtaking action...and that's just the beginning!  More decisive battles await you and your 2nd US Ranger battalion in France.  You will face many intrepid missions within the operations Market Garden, Autumn Mist and Lumberjack, as well as special missions in selected war zones.
Warcraft II: Battle.net Edition,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.8,T,Blizzard Entertainment,Warcraft II Battle.net Edition is the continuation of the ruthless clash between the armies of the noble humans and the brutish orcs.  As the ruler of a medieval empire, you must learn to carefully manage your limited resources while engaging in real-time tactical warfare over land, sea, and air.  This version of the classic real-time strategy game combines the original Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness and the Warcraft II: Beyond the Dark Portal expansion set with free Internet play over Battle.net.  Up to eight opponents from around the world can compete for dominance.
Warcraft II: Beyond the Dark Portal,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.6,NaN,Blizzard Entertainment,Even the most jaded Orc or Human will be challenged by the new scenarios.
Warcraft III: Battlechest,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.0,T,Blizzard Entertainment,Defend the world of Azeroth from the demonic Burning Legion and the dark forces of the Undead Lich King in Warcraft III: Battlechest, a collection of Warcraft III games, including full versions of Reign of Chaos and The Frozen Throne. This box set also contains two official strategy guides from Brady Games to aid you in your quest. The epic story of heroes, villains, spells, and magic unfolds in both single-player and multiplayer modes.
X Rebirth,PC,Simulation,33,3.3,T,Egosoft,In the distant future, the X universe faces a period of profound and irrevocable change. While the universe stumbles towards an uncertain future, countless adventures await as new enemies rise in search of power. Enter a young adventurer and his unlikely female ally traveling in an old, battered ship with a glorious past - two people alone against the galaxy, playing a key part in the events to come. The fate of the universe rests in the hands of the player...
X-Blades,PC,Action,54,6.6,M,Gaijin Entertainment,In the game, players control an anime-style heroine that destroys anything in her path using guns, blades, magic, and a healthy dose of cinematic flair. X-Blades features a special combination of cinematic style, beautiful animation, and relentless, high speed gameplay. Players assume the role of Ayumi, a stunningly seductive yet tenacious heroine who battles enemies with her pistol blades, acrobatic ability, and magic spells. With full anime cut scenes, the story unfolds revealing demonic powers and spectacular landscapes, all ripe for exploration and battles. [SouthPeak Interactive]
X-Change,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,AO,Crowd,What would you do if you were a boy who was suddenly turned into a girl? Now you can see how the other half lives in this excellent multi-scenario erotic adventure game from Peach Princess! You are Takuya Aihara, an average student and a bit of a chemistry buff. One fateful day, while cleaning some shelves in the chemistry room, you spill a mysterious chemical on yourself...and the next thing you know, you've been changed into a girl! And so begins this hilarious sexual adventure. Can Takuya find a way to change back into a boy, while avoiding the many temptations that come with this new female body? 
X-Change 2,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Crowd,You are Takuya Aihara, an average Japanese student and a bit of a chemistry buff. A bizarre accident turned you into a girl last year, which resulted in some pretty amazing sexual adventures. But that experience is behind you now, and everything has been smooth sailing ever since. Or so you thought. When an experiment by fellow chemistry club member Chisato goes horribly wrong, you find your self changed into a girl again! As a girl, you're much more popular, and it seems everyone wants to get to know you. Unfortunately your girlfriend Asuka doesn't like the new situation at all. With only a few days before your body accepts its new form permanently, you've got to change back as soon as you can. Will you be able to overcome the many bizarre hurdles to regaining your lost manhood?
X-Change 3,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Crowd,Poor Takuya, he's been changed into a girl not once but twice before, thanks to some bizarre chemistry accidents. In this, the final chapter of the X-Change saga, Takuya is transformed into a girl once again, this time as the result of a cruel plot by Kouji, who is still in love with Takuya's female half. This time Takuya's got a deadline: he must change back within 7 days or his body will stay in its female form forever. What bizarre adventures await female Takuya this time, as he struggles to change back in time to save his relationship with Asuka? Virtually all your favorite characters from the previous games are back in this, the boldest and most incredible X-Change yet! Features 18 unique game endings!
X-COM: Apocalypse,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.9,T,Culture Brain,This is almost the X-COM sequel that folks have been hoping for.
X-COM: Collector's Edition,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,MicroProse,NaN
X-COM: Enforcer,PC,Action,65,7.2,T,MicroProse,Microprose has abandoned the suspenseful, tactical combat inherent in the previous installments of the "X-COM" series in favor of a pure, straightforward arcade action format with more than 30 levels of non-stop shooting from a third-person perspective.
X-COM: First Alien Invasion,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Hasbro Interactive,This is a scaled-down, greatly simplified version of the original.
X-COM: Interceptor,PC,Simulation,No score yet,4.8,T,Atari,Because of the lackluster space combat, Interceptor is the first X-COM game where the micromanagement and research portion is the more satisfying of the two halves.
X-COM: Terror From the Deep,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.9,NaN,Culture Brain,Seeking to take advantage of a weakened Earth, X-COM's deep space foes unexpectedly change strategy and launch a powerful second front against planet Earth.
X-COM: UFO Defense,PC,Strategy,No score yet,9.1,E,Culture Brain,You are in control of X-COM: an organization formed by the world's governments to fight the ever-increasing alien menace.
X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse,PC,Role-Playing,80,8.5,T,Raven Software,X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse introduces the epic storyline of an uneasy alliance between the X-Men and the hated Brotherhood in a fight to reclaim Earth from Apocalypse's grasp. Gameplay enhancements include more than double the superpowers and customization capabilities, the debut of several new playable characters, over 100 diverse types of enemies, and a breathtaking range of exotic and real-world environments—from the Madri Temple to Egypt. [Activision]
X-Men Origins: Wolverine,PC,Action,77,8.1,M,Raven Software,Unleash the razor sharp adamantium claws, feral instincts, and mutant regeneration powers of the world's fiercest Super Hero - Wolverine - and uncage the story of how the ultimate weapon was created. The team at Raven Software has dedicated Wolverine's development to unstoppable, true-to-character authenticity. Take on impossible odds and exact revenge. [Activision]
X-Men: Children of the Atom,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,K-A,Probe Entertainment Limited,X-MEN UNLEASHED! A 100% conversion of the arcade mega-hit! It's here! Ultimate combat! Mutant mayhem! X-Power! Special moves! Mid-air action! Big characters! Sizzling graphics! Exactly like you played in the arcade! You will need all your mutant powers, all your speed, all your strength... for this is the ultimate combat! Have you got enough to defeat Magneto, Omega Red and the Sentinel? Are you tough enough for Wolverine, powerful enough for Cyclops, cool enough for Iceman... are you good enough to join the new breed of mutant heroes? X-Men Children of the Atom - the fighting game to end them all!
X-Men: The Official Game,PC,Action,52,6.8,T,Beenox,Master the power of the X-Men—Obliterate enemies and objects as Wolverine, using your lethal adamantium claws and crushing brute force. As Nightcrawler, scale walls, swing from rafters and teleport through environments to surprise enemies. Shoot ice bursts and create hailstorms as lightning-fast Iceman. For even more power, utilize fury and adrenaline modes. Become a part of the X-Men movie universe—Embark on a globe-spanning conflict featuring every element of the X-Men universe—from favorite villains to famous locations such as Alkali Lake, plus the voices and likenesses of key actors from the films. Battle fierce enemies, join forces with comrades—Face off against movie villains such as Pyro, Magneto and Sabretooth, plus added foes like legions of Sentinels. Storm, Colossus and Cyclops join forces with you in gameplay that includes melee fighting, stealth-style action and time-based missions. [Activision]
X-Men: The Ravages of Apocalypse,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Zero Gravity Entertainment,Fans of the X-Men comics series might very well enjoy this game. But if you are just looking to prolong the life of that Quake file sitting on your hard drive, your money could be better spent.
X-note,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zeiva Inc,X-note is a blend between Visual Novel and Dating-Sim. Follow the story of Essi as she pursues the truth of her mother's death. The game spans for 30 days, of which you can train Essi's psychic abilities, explore the school, collect notes, and make choices to determine her fate. 
X-Plane,PC,Simulation,69,5.8,E,Laminar Research,X-Plane is essentially a rigorous flight simulator that simulates everything from helicopters and small civilian two-seaters to jet spy planes and the space shuttle.
X-Plane 8,PC,Simulation,82,7.9,E,Laminar Research,Plane simulates anything that flies: single-engine fixed wing props to multi-engine jets; gliders to dirigibles; helicopters to spacecraft to VTOLs such as the V-22 Osprey and AV8-B Harrier.
X-Superbox Bundle,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Egosoft,The X Superbox contains the full catalog of EGOSOFT PC games; from the first X-series game, X- Beyond the Frontier, which chronicles the adventures of Kyle Brennan in the X Universe to the very latest version of X3: Terran Conflict. All of the titles included in the X Superbox have been specially updated to ensure compatibility with Microsoft Windows XP (SP2), Windows Vista (SP1) and Windows 7 (32 and 64-bit). In addition to all of the X-series titles, the X Superbox also contains an all-new and exclusive X Encyclopedia, written by Helge Kautz, the author of Farnhams Legend and other X Universe books. X Superbox features the full Superbox BONUS DVD, a plethora of bonus content, most of which has been created and developed by players and fans of the X games, as well some other previously-unreleased exclusive materials added by EGOSOFT.
X-Tension,PC,Simulation,No score yet,7.7,NaN,Egosoft,X-Tension is the eagerly awaited expansion pack to X: Beyond the Frontier. The expansion is not limited by a linear plot line but makes use of new ways to expand your empire. You can now take part in missions that are offered to you throughout the game.
X-Wing Collector's Series,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Totally Games,These are classic games that belong on every computer gamer's shelf, no doubt about it.
X-Wing vs. TIE Fighter: Balance of Power,PC,Simulation,No score yet,8.5,K-A,Totally Games,Balance of Power does an admirable job of addressing almost all the complaints gamers had with the original game.
X2: The Threat,PC,Simulation,72,7.2,T,Egosoft,X2: The Threat offers players a rich storyline and a boundless game play universe. In X2, the player takes on the role of a pilot indigenous to the X-Universe. The story unfolds as the soon-to-be hero and his companion attempt to steal a ship. After a failed, action-packed escape, he soon finds himself aboard a security ship and destined to live out his days on the cold, prison-mining world of Artur. With a dynamic universe and a plot expertly weaved together the story of The Threat is sure to intrigue players of various genres.
X2: Wolverine's Revenge,PC,Action Adventure,55,4.3,T,Livesay Technologies,Decades ago, a secret orgainzation brainwashed you and implanted a virtually unbreakable adamantium skeleton into your body. Now, as Wolverine - the X-Men's most dangerous weapon - you've discovered you were also implanted with a deadly virus that will kill you within the next 48 hours unless the antidote is found. Your future at risk, you must return to confront your past in an adventure that will take you back to the place you dread most of all - Alkali Lake. Time is running out. [Activision]
X3 Gold,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Egosoft,NaN
X3: Albion Prelude,PC,Action,75,8.4,NaN,Egosoft,X3: Albion Prelude plays in a time between the old and the new X Universe. It shows a universe in flux, and prepares players for things to come. The old X Universe is passing; a new X Universe is about to be created.
X3: Reunion,PC,Simulation,71,6.9,T,Egosoft,X3: Reunion immerses the player into the most realistic, living universe, ever experienced. Extensive development has gone into the X³ engine, making full use of DirectX 9 technology, to create dramatic visual effects and stunningly realistic starships. The economy model in X3: Reunion is more complex than any previous X game. Coupled with the massively enhanced A.L. (Artificial Life) system, X³: Reunion presents players with an ever changing, evolving universe; where a player's actions can shape the future of the universe. Combat A.I. has been improved to take all ship classes into account and will challenge players; from individual dog fights to commanding full-scale fleets against massive enemy armadas. A new array of weapon systems give increased choice and tactics for any situation, while the multiple threat targeting system makes the player a force to be reckoned with. Rebalanced fighter classes make any encounter a challenge for players of all levels. [Enlight]
X3: Terran Conflict,PC,Simulation,73,7.9,T,Egosoft,It is the culmination of the X trilogy, with a grand finale that takes us all the way back to Earth's own solar system. Gamers can take on the roles of different characters in the X universe, or of a Terran military pilot, and experience a multitude of stories in the largest X universe ever featured – for X3: Terran Conflict will offer more missions than any other X game before. Meanwhile, X3: Terran Conflict will pose questions such as: How has Earth changed in all these years? And how will relations between Earth and its counterparts in the X universe develop? [Deep Silver]
X: Beyond the Frontier,PC,Simulation,67,7.3,T,Egosoft,Take a trip to the farthest reaches of space in this real-time simulation. You're the pilot of an experimental aircraft that falls into an unknown sector of the universe. Your objective is to get home alive, but that won't be any small task as tons of enemies and obstacles will try to slow your progress throughout the adventure. The game boasts more than 150 fully operational aircraft, six interactive civilizations, in excess of 10,000 objects to use, and thousands of hours of gameplay. Fighting, trading, and solving puzzles are all part of the territory in this massive gaming experience.
Xanadu Next,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Falcom,The PC-based RPG bestseller, XANADU, has traversed the boundaries of time and is making its newest appearance on the N-Gage game deck as XANADU NEXT!
Xango Tango,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Freeze Tag,Help amazing toy robot Xango find his upgrade parts in this brain-stretching, 3D animated action puzzler adventure. Three game modes guarantee many hours of action, puzzling and relaxing fun. Match three colored crates and watch em explode in Classic mode. Solve brain-twisting puzzles in Puzzle mode. Play without time pressure in Relax mode. Exotic landscapes, lively tango music and wacky dances make Xango Tango fun for the whole family. Help Xango find all of his parts to see the surprise ending!
XBLAZE Code: Embryo,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Arc System Works,Set 150 years before the events of BlazBlue: Calamity Trigger, XBlaze Code: Embryo is a visual novel that follows Touya Kagari, a high school student whose world is turned upside down when he is attacked by a seemingly otherworldly being and saved by a mysterious girl named Es. Delve deeper into the BlazBlue mythos and learn about events prior to Ragna the Bloodedges epic journey!
XBLAZE: Lost Memories,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Arc System Works,XBlaze Lost: Memories, is a visual-novel game based in the BlazBlue universe and the sequel to XBlaze Code: Embryo. Play as the enigmatic pink-haired protagonist as she navigates through a weird and wondrous alternate reality with the help of the mysterious Nobody in order to save her sister, who disappeared into this unknown world!
XCar: Experimental Racing,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Bethesda Softworks,XCar is a very mixed bag.
XCavalypse,PC,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NaN,NaN
XCOM 2,PC,Strategy,88,7.1,T,Firaxis Games,20 years have passed since world leaders unconditionally surrendered to alien forces and XCOM, the world's last line of defense, was left destroyed and scattered. Now the aliens hold dominion over the Earth, building shining cities that promise a brilliant future for humanity on the surface, while hiding a sinister intent below and eliminating all who don't fall in like with their new order. Online those who live a the edges of the world have a modicum of freedom. Here, a force gathers once again to stand up for humanity. Consistently on the run, the remnant XCOM forces need to find a way to regroup, expose the nefarious truth behind the occupation, and eliminate the alien threat for good.
XCOM 2 - Alien Hunters,PC,Strategy,No score yet,4.8,NaN,Firaxis Games,Transform the soldiers of XCOM into an elite alien hunting squad with impressive new weapons and armor to face off against new alien Rulers that will pursue your squad across an entire campaign. Additional cosmetic upgrades to soldiers and the Avenger are included, as well as a new epic mission where Central Officer Bradford leads a squad with the guidance of an old friend.
XCOM 2: Shen's Last Gift,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Firaxis Games,XCOM has uncovered intel on a hidden ADVENT facility housing new high-tech weaponry. Lily Shen, Chief Engineer on the Avenger, has volunteered to accompany your most elite squad as they infiltrate this facility, so that she may help uncover and assess what impact this new alien tech will have in the battle to reclaim Earth.
XCOM: Enemy Unknown,PC,Strategy,89,8.2,M,Firaxis Games,Enemy Unknown couples tactical turn-based gameplay with action sequences and on-ground combat. Recruit, specialize and train unique soldiers and manage your personnel. Detect and interrupt the alien threat as you construct and expand your XCOM headquarters. Direct soldier squads in turn-based ground battles and deploy air units such as the Interceptor and Skyranger. The fight spreads around the world as the XCOM team engages in over 70 missions, communicating and negotiating with governments around the world.
XCOM: Enemy Unknown - Second Wave,PC,Strategy,No score yet,7.6,M,Firaxis Games,NaN
XCOM: Enemy Unknown - Slingshot,PC,Strategy,No score yet,8.6,M,Firaxis Games,The Slingshot content pack brings a new set of linked Council missions where players will meet an enigmatic Triad operative, divert an alien ship's course, and do battle with the aliens in the skies over China.
XCOM: Enemy Unknown - The Complete Edition,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,M,2K Games,NaN
XCOM: Enemy Within,PC,Turn-Based Strategy,86,8.0,M,Firaxis Games,XCOM: Enemy Within is the expansion to the 2012 strategy game XCOM: Enemy Unknown.  Enemy Within adds an array of new abilities, upgrades and weapons to combat new enemy and alien threats. This expansion pack also introduces new maps, new tactical and strategic gameplay, and new multiplayer content providing a renewed gameplay experience.
XCVB,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,xcvb Studios,NaN
XenoBloom,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Ibology,NaN
Xenocide,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Confused Genius,NaN
Xenonauts,PC,Other Strategy Games,77,8.0,NaN,Gamethunks, Goldhawk Interactive,Xenonauts is a strategy game through which you control a multi-national military organization defending a Cold War-era Earth from alien invasion, using small squads of persistent soldiers to eliminate the extraterrestrials and recover their technology in turn-based ground combat.
Xenoraid,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,10tons Ltd, 10tons,Xenoraid is a vertically scrolling shoot'em up with a unique feel driven by a great combination of features.
XenoRaptor,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Peter Cleary,Take control of a cyberdragon and annihilate swarms of rocket propelled chainsaws alongside 7 other players either online or via LAN in this high speed, high skill co-op twinstick shooter. 
XenoShyft,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cool Mini or Not,NaN
Xeodrifter,PC,Action,No score yet,6.0,E,Renegade Kid,Xeodrifter is the story of an interstellar drifter traveling the stars on a simple mission of exploration. We join our nomad as he embarks on the investigation of a small cluster of four planets in the omega sector, after a collision with a rogue asteroid damaged his warp core.
XIII,PC,Action,72,7.8,M,Ubisoft Paris,The President of the United States of America has been assassinated. You wake up on a desolate strip of New England beach. The near-fatal impact of a bullet has left your head pounding, and your memory erased. What's more, the number "XIII" has been mysteriously tattooed on your chest, while your pocket holds a key to a New York City bank box. Head swimming in amnesia, you struggle to your feet only to encounter more assailants intent on finishing the job. To your shock, you handle the hitmen with the killing skills of a professional - before heading to the bank in search of any shred of information about your lost identity and your involvement in the President's murder. What lies ahead is a deadly quest not only into your shadowy past, but America's darkest corridors of power. [Ubi Soft]
XIII Century: Blood of Europe,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,1C, 1C Company,1266 AD. Alexander Nevsky, the famous defender of ancient Rus' western borders, is long gone. Having licked their wounds after the Battle on the Ice, knights of the Teutonic Order are again leading their iron wedges to Pskov, a gem of the Northern Rus'. They are out for easy prey and loot. Dovmont, Prince of Pskov, is destined to become a new hope of these lands. Prepare to join his armed force to win fame worthy of the memory of the Grand Prince Alexander! Enjoy historical battles of the Middle Ages here and now. Dovmont will lead his troops against German and Livonian knights and blood of many fearless warriors will spill in the upcoming skirmishes, recreated with all the historical details. [1C Company]
XIII Century: Gold Edition,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,M,Aspyr,The Gold Edition includes XIII: Death or Glory AND XIII Blood of Europe! Two awsome games for a great price! Death or Glory is an RTS game which immerses players in the Middle Ages. This is a world of noble nights and ruthless nomads, a world of courageous deeds and internal wars. As one of the famous military leaders of the 13th Century, gamers are able to test their steel against the neighboring nations and carve their names into history. Among the playable factions are the English, the French, the Mongols, the Germans and the Kievan Rus' (Russians). The game consists of 5 campaigns which cover the most well-known battles of that period. Features include large scale battles, thousands of units, and offers players a chance to test their skills as military leaders in midieval Europe! Blood of Europe is the sequel to Death or Glory. Its 1233 AD and Alexander Nevsky, the famous defender of ancient Rus' western borders, is long gone. Having licked their wounds after the Battle on the Ice, knights of the Teutonic Order are again leading their iron wedges to Pskov, a gem of the Northern Rus'. They are out for easy prey and loot. Dovmont, Prince of Pskov, is destined to become a new hope of these lands. Prepare to join his armed forece to win fame worthy of the memory of the Grand Prince Alexander! Enjoy historical battles of the Middle Ages here and now. Dovmont will lead his troops against German and Livonian knights and blood of many fearless warriors will spill in the upcoming skirmishes, recreated with all the historical details.
XIII Lost Identity,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Anuman Interactive,NaN
XIIZEAL,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Triangle Service,NaN
Xing Chess,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Xing Interactive,NaN
XLarn,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Swinfjord-Games,NaN
XLR,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Metaware,NaN
Xmas Bonus,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Grey Alien Games,Fancy an Xmas Bonus? Then download this festive puzzle game from Grey Alien Games. Line up the seasonal shapes against winter snowscape backgrounds, but don't chill out too much or the candle will burn out before you've cleared the grid. Swap shapes to score points with the help of exploding puddings, shooting stars and crazy crackers, topped off with some of your favourite Yuletide tunes. Come and join the festive fun!
XMODULE,PC,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,G21 Studio,NaN
XNemesis SandBox,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,XProd Games,NaN
XO-Planets,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Bohfam,NaN
Xonotic,PC,Action,No score yet,8.9,NaN,Team Xonotic,Xonotic is a free (GPL), fast-paced first-person shooter that works on Microsoft Windows, Mac OSX and Linux. Xonotic is a direct successor of the Nexuiz Project.
XorceD: Sashiro's Laedrum,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Xorcerox,NaN
Xotic,PC,Action,67,7.6,NaN,WXP,Xotic is an arcade-style first-person shooter where you rack up huge scores by shooting enemies, detonating chain reactions, and discovering secret power-ups and point multipliers. Armed with a weaponized symbiotic creature called the Macroterra, you must cleanse the evil presence and re-plant the seeds of life on a planet ravaged by the minions of the Orb.
Xotic: Pipe Works Expansion Pack,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,WXP,The Pipe Works DLC adds three new levels to Xotic (2 bonus levels and one combat level). Each level comes with 4 game modes and new achievements to earn. Explore the towers of metal and ancient aqueducts beneath the planet's surface and eliminate the presence of the orb in this exciting update for one of the most unique indie games of the year.
Xotic: Pipe Works Expansion Pack,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,WXP,The Pipe Works DLC adds three new levels to Xotic (2 bonus levels and one combat level). Each level comes with 4 game modes and new achievements to earn. Explore the towers of metal and ancient aqueducts beneath the planet's surface and eliminate the presence of the orb in this exciting update for one of the most unique indie games of the year.
Xotic: Temple Crypt Expansion Pack,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,WXP,The Temple Crypt DLC adds three new levels to Xotic (2 combat levels and one bonus level). Each level comes with 4 game modes and new achievements to earn. Explore the mystical crypts and forgotten passageways beneath the planets surface as you eliminate the presence of the orb in this exciting update for one of the most unique indie games of the year.
Xotic: Warp Field Expansion Pack,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,WXP,NaN
Xpand Rally,PC,Driving,82,7.4,E,Techland,Xpand Rally is a breathtaking game that gives you the true to life experience of driving powerful rally cars amidst photorealistic sceneries. Realistic weather effects, rolling hills, and animated scenery all add to game's visual perfection. Xpand Rally also features highly detailed models of modern rally cars and handling physics developed with the help of rally sport professionals which further enhance the realism of driving experience. Xpand Rally combines the best elements of Rally and Rally Cross racing in one unique gaming experience. The game offers a career mode based on time trials during both: individual races and World Championship Series which will satisfy traditional Rally fans. The Rally Cross fans won't be disappointed either - they can challenge several opponents in head to head racing during competitions based on real and fictitious race events. Xpand Rally, as the only title on the market, brings the economy factor into a rally game. The player starts with a junk car and competes in races to earn money and acquire upgrades, repair damage, tweak performance and pay the race entry fees. [Techland]
Xpand Rally Xtreme,PC,Driving,No score yet,6.8,NaN,Techland,Xpand Rally Xtreme shows the true climate and conditions of rally racing. Dangerous, technical tracks, based on the world's hardest special stages full of moguls,jumps,grooves and tight hairpins.
XS,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,SCi,This is a second-rate game.
Xsyon,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,9.0,NaN,Notorious Games,NaN
Xtraction,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,SquiggoutStudios,NaN
Xtreme Air Racing,PC,Simulation,83,5.9,E,eGames,A highly detailed recreation of the "Worlds Fastest Motorsport". Accurate representations of the airplanes raced annually at Reno, Nevada, together with realistic 3D terrain graphics combine to provide the ultimate high speed racing experience. Imagine flying fifty feet above the ground in supercharged, nitrous burning monsters with over 3000 horsepower at your fingertips, racing around pylons 50 feet off the ground. Imagine flying so low that your prop scrapes the sagebrush, while surrounded by seven hungry competitors, and you can begin to feel why the pilots who race at Reno call it the "world's greatest adrenaline rush!" [Victory Simulations]
Y2K: The Game,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,T,Runecraft,Its technical problems are a real shame, because when it comes to every other aspect of game design, Y2K is actually quite good.
Yahtzee,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Zylom,NaN
Yaiba: Ninja Gaiden Z,PC,Action Adventure,49,6.0,M,Spark Unlimited, comcept,The ninja are the most elite of warriors, exercising unparalleled skill, precision, and lethality for centuries. Only the most deadly candidates are given the rare and coveted opportunity to join the clan. The final test of a ninja
Yamaha Supercross,PC,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E,Coyote Console,Riding for Team Yamaha in place of your injured brother, you must work your way through the championships to reach the finals. Get there? And your foe is the man who crippled your brother! Beat him as a promising young rider and become a world champion!
YamaYama,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lumenox ehf,NaN
Yar's Revenge,PC,Action,56,tbd,E10+,Killspace Entertainment,In Yars', players will take on the role of a nameless Yar, who has been brainwashed by the evil Qotile empire to do their bidding.  After being shot down and rescued by the ancient and mysterious Bar Yargler, she sets off on a ferociously focused mission, to seek revenge on her former master and his deadly squad of assassins. The bio-technological nightmare of the Qotile home world provides stunning backdrops for players to fly through in aerial combat with their enemy.  
Yard Sale Hidden Treasures: Lucky Junction,PC,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Slapdash Games,NaN
Yard Sale Hidden Treasures: Sunnyville,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Slapdash Games,Welcome to the town of Sunnyville! Search local yard sales on your mission to find hidden treasures and objects. Use your fantastic finds to decorate your dream home in a competition to win the illustrious Superstar Homes Magazine Contest! Beat the clock or play at your own pace, searching for hundreds of items hidden in fun locales. Enjoy nonstop challenges in this expansive seek-and-find game!
Yard Sale Junkie,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sudden Games LLC,NaN
Yargis - Space Melee,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,PlazSoft,NaN
Yasai Ninja,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Recotechnology S.L.,Yasai Ninja is a hack & slash game set in feudal Japan where Kaoru Tamanegi and Broccoli Joe face the most terrible vegetables. Play in 1 or 2 player mode and finish the adventure.
Yatagarasu: Attack on Cataclysm,PC,Action,73,5.0,NaN,PDW: Hotapen,Yatagarasu Attack on Cataclysm is a novel, traditional-style 2D fighting game with eleven playable characters and which aspires to delivering solid game play and high quality production values. 
Year Walk,PC,Miscellaneous,87,7.0,NaN,Simogo,In the old days man tried to catch a glimpse of the future in the strangest of ways. Experience the ancient Swedish phenomena of year walking through a different kind of first person adventure that blurs the line between two and three dimensions, as well as reality and the supernatural.
Yelaxot,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Barkalar Games,NaN
Yellow: The Yellow Artifact,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,BadDoge,NaN
Yes Chefica,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,com.ovaN,NaN
Yesterday,PC,Adventure,65,6.6,NaN,Pendulo Studios,(Also known as "New York Crimes") In New York City, beggars are disappearing one after another, only to be found burnt alive. Meanwhile, a Y-shaped scar forms in the palm of the hands of seemingly unrelated people. With the police and the media giving little attention to these events, Henry White, a young and rich heir dedicated to a charitable organization, and his friend Cooper, are the first to investigate these disappearances. They are two of the three playable characters in Yesterday, the third being none other than the enigmatic John Yesterday, who is dragged into this incredible story after his memory is completely wiped.
Yesterday Origins,PC,Adventure,No score yet,NaN,M,Pendulo Studios,In Yesterday Origins, the main protagonists John Yesterday and his partner Pauline, immortals who own an antiques store in Paris, travel across the globe through multiple periods. The story takes place across the current and medieval eras, through a series of flashbacks. At the beginning of the game, a young John is imprisoned by the Spanish Inquisition for witchcraft, just prior to the sequence of events that will change his life/lives forever. Although not yet able to resurrect at that point of his life, he has already attracted the attention and fallen foul of Church authorities due to his unusual ability to understand and speak every language he encounters.
Yet Another World,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,energy milk,Yet Another World is a humorous hardcore platformer in minimal style and relaxing ambient music. 
Yet Another Zombie Defense,PC,Action,No score yet,7.0,NaN,AwesomeGamesStudio, Awesome Games Studio,Yet Another Zombie Defense is all about defending yourself against hordes of undead attacking you every night. However, when you're the only survivor struggling against waves of enemies who are getting stronger and stronger, your end is inevitable. The only important question is how long can YOU survive?
Yet, I despise him,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Scimitri,NaN
Yin Yang / X-Change 3 Bundle Pack,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Crowd,NaN
Yin-Yang! Another X-Change,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Crowd,Kaoru is a normal Japanese youth who's about to make a very special journey, where he'll find out if the grass really is greener on the other side! He doesn't know it, but he possesses a rare type of "yin-yang" DNA that is both male and female. When he drinks an experimental potion by accident, his life will never be the same! Changed into a girl now, Kaoru discovers there are a lot of perks that come with his female body, including his new popularity at school. Also, his body is "fully functional", allowing him to experience incredible sex that he never could have had as a guy. With the wildest story ever translated into English, this game is loaded with memorable characters, bold erotic themes and great 100% uncensored graphics for you to explore.
Yo-Jin-Bo: The Bodyguards,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,T,TwoFive,You are Sayori, a more-or-less ordinary high school student who is spending her summer vacation helping at an archaeological excavation. One day in the ruins, you happen to notice something shining half-buried in the mud. When you look more closely, you realize it is a pendant, and you pick it up... And thus the story begins.
Yohjo Simulator,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,DEADFACTORY,NaN
Yomawari: Night Alone,PC,Adventure,No score yet,8.4,NaN,Nippon Ichi Software,Yomawari: Night Alone is an isometric survival horror where you guide a young girl through the streets of her hometown, ridden with unnerving spirits, to help find her missing dog and sister.
Yome no Imouto tono Inai,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Appetite,NaN
Yomi,PC,Strategy,No score yet,6.3,NaN,Sirlin Games,Yomi is a fighting game in card form. Learn your character, practice combos, and read the opponent's tendencies. 10 characters to choose from, plus 10 more expansion characters available inside the app.
Yon Paradox,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Digital Mantis,NaN
Yoot Tower,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Open Book,Yoot Tower - billed as the sequel to SimTower - is actually no more than a rehash.
Yore VR,PC,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Tectonic VR,NaN
Yosumin!,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.0,E,Square Enix,Players must give a colorful panel of yosumin a sweeping glance, locate a square or rectangle with four corners of the same color and click on the corresponding yosumin to make them disappear. Enjoy an engaging puzzle-game experience just by following these simple rules. [Squre Enix]
You Are Empty,PC,Action,34,5.4,M,Digital Spray Studios, Mandel ArtPlains,You Are Empty offers players an alternative approach to the history of the late fifties of the XX century. Scene of action is the Soviet Union. Leading Soviet scientists start a big experiment that alter human physiology and mentality in order to create super humans capable of building bright future and communism all over the world. But something goes wrong... As a result the whole city, where that experiment took place, goes on a rampage. The majority of citizens died, and those who survived turned into hideous mutants - the only inhabitants of deserted streets. You Are Empty immerses you in an exaggerated dark and obscure atmosphere of Soviet totalitarianism. Fighting against mutants, that obtained super power after the experiment was carried out, the main hero tries to gain an understanding of what's happening around and save the day. [1C Company]
You Are Not A Banana,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Brian Cullen,NaN
You Are Not A Banana: Chapter 1,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,briancullen,NaN
You Are Not The Hero,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,ToMorning Productions,NaN
You Deserve,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TGA Company,Have you ever thought that everything that you do might come back to you? A group of teenagers harrassed a fellow student from Raiven High School non-stop. Eventually, the victim wasn't able to take it anymore. The violent situation and the continous bullying ended up making her deciding to kill herself, managing to success. Since then, the students have experienced some strange events, some of them leading to their disappearance. In "You Deserve", you play the role of Amy Cooper, a popular girl among this group of students, who will try to manage to get out of the horrible place she is into, alive. In order to do this, she will have to figure out where she is and the reason why she is there to begin with. Your job is to put together the clues the game will present to you, with the goal of hopefully deciphering the mystery You Deserve offers.
You Don't Know Jack (1995),PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Jellyvision,NaN
You Don't Know Jack (2011),PC,Miscellaneous,71,6.0,T,Jellyvision,The YOU DON’T KNOW JACK series has been testing players' smarts and making them laugh for years with its unique trivia-based challenges and in-your-face style of gameplay.  Now, THQ is bringing the wise-cracking fun and challenge of YOU DON’T KNOW JACK to today's popular video game systems (PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, Wii & DS).  Filled with more than 15 hours of game play, YOU DON’T KNOW JACK offers all-new multiplayer action and online challenges via XBLA and PSN.  Along with classic quiz modes such as the DisOrDat and the Jack Attack, YOU DON’T KNOW JACK offers brand new features like the Wrong Answer of the Game and collectible prizes, with more than 70 full episodes of trivia quiz show fun. A worldwide phenomenon since its debut in 1995, YOU DON’T KNOW JACK from developer Jellyvision Games has been embraced by millions of players as the gold standard for interactive trivia games.
You Don't Know Jack 6: The Lost Gold,PC,Miscellaneous,67,6.1,NaN,Jellyvision,There, there - take a moment to catch your breath. Aye, 'tis true! YOU DON'T KNOW JACK 6: The Lost Gold is here! Sure, it has taken a few years for us to get around to it but, hey, what do you want?! It's done, so stop your incessant belly-achin'. For those of you living in a cave, or some other type of dank, dewy abode where they don't have CD-ROM trivia games, YOU DON'T KNOW JACK is the fast-paced, hilariously twisted and irreverently interactive trivia party game that has been fusing high culture and pop culture for years, while racking up countless industry awards and setting sales records. [Jellyvision]
You Don't Know Jack Volume 2,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Jellyvision,You Don't Know Jack Volume 2 brings back everything that was exciting and fun about the original.
You Don't Know Jack: 5th Dementia,PC,Miscellaneous,77,8.0,T,Jellyvision,It's an excellent party game, but unlike its predecessors, its online play component also makes it ideal even when other people aren't at home.
You Don't Know Jack: Louder! Faster! Funnier!,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Berkeley,NaN
You Don't Know Jack: Movies,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Jellyvision,In addition to creating a plethora of wacky questions pertaining to film, the producers have also given this version a movie motif.
You Don't Know Jack: Offline,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Jellyvision,NaN
You Don't Know Jack: Sports,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Jellyvision,I'm pleased to report that they've truly hit the long ball once again.
You Don't Know Jack: Volume 3,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Jellyvision,Veterans of the You Don't Know Jack series will be instantly at home with the gameplay.
You Don't Know Jack: Volume 4 - The Ride,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Jellyvision,Arguably the best You Don't Know Jack since the original.
You Have 10 Seconds,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,tamationgames,NaN
You Have 10 Seconds 2,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,tamationgames,You Have 10 Seconds 2 is the sequel to the popular Free to Play game "You Have 10 Seconds". You have 10 seconds to get from the start of each level to the end before time runs out and without dying.
You Have to Win the Game,PC,Action,No score yet,7.2,NaN,Pirate Hearts,NaN
You Must Build A Boat,PC,Action,71,7.7,NaN,EightyEight Games,NaN
You Still Won't Make It,PC,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Vetra Games,NaN
Youda Farmer,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Youda Games,NaN
Youda Legend: The Curse of the Amsterdam Diamond,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Youda Games,Upon arriving in Amsterdam you sense a mystery in the air! The dark influence of an old curse still haunts the city of Amsterdam, and it`s up to you to lift it! The mystery begins in your hotel room and will have you use your Hidden Object skills in famous locations, like the Rijksmuseum, the Flower Market and the Carre Theatre. Youda Legend: The Curse of the Amsterdam Diamond will take you through the city on a journey you`ll never forget! TRY IT FREE, THEN UNLOCK THE FULL ADVENTURE FROM WITHIN THE GAME! ????? Features ????? ? Find beaming diamonds throughout the game! ? Mind-bending puzzles and charming scenes ? Investigate a hotel, jewelry store, and more! ? Locate helpful key objects ??? Discover more from Big Fish Games! ??? Were big believers that everyone is a gamer at heart and that games are a great source of joy and relaxation. Founded in 2002, Big Fish Games is a developer, publisher and distributor of casual games. We offer a virtually endless selection of interactive games that you can enjoy anytime, anywhere  on your PC, Mac, mobile phone, or tablet. Renowned for offering A New Game Every Day! on www.bigfishgames.com, Big Fish Games distributes more than two million games per day worldwide. We have many other great iPhone games including: ? Patchworkz? Turtle Isle? Haunted Hotel: Lonely Dream? Tiny Places? Dark Tales: Edgar Allan Poes Murder in the Rue Morgue Collectors Edition? Secrets of the Dragon Wheel? Empress of the Deep II: Song of the Blue Whale? Empress of the Deep: The Darkest Secret? Redemption Cemetery: Curse of the Raven Collectors Edition? Adventure Chronicles: The Search for Lost Treasure? Adventures of Robinson Crusoe? Nightmare Adventures: A Witchs Prison? Nick Chase & the Deadly Diamond? Hidden Wonders of the Depths 2? Flux Family Secrets: The Ripple Effect? Secret Mission: The Forgotten Island? Amazon: Hidden Expedition *? Big City Adventure: New York CityYou can always find an updated list at www.bigfishgames.com! Try out Big Fish Games' iSplash! newsletter and never miss a sale or new game again! Sign up at: http://bigfi.sh/isplash Follow us on Twitter: http://bigfi.sh/BigFishTwitter Become a fan on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/BigFishGamesMobile
Youda Marina,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Youda Games,NaN
Youda Survivor 2,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Youdagames, Youda Games,Like the first part, Youda Survivor 2 is developed by the team of Youdagames’ studio in Skopje, Macedonia. The game shows again the experience Youdagames has in developing casual games, with high quality 3D design, very addictive game play, lots of challenges and a lot of fun elements.
Youjuu Senki A.D. 2048,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,D.O.,It is the aftermath of nuclear apocalypse. Mutant beasts called Yoju roam the land, preying on all who cannot find shelter within the walls of the ruined cities. One of these cities is your home: Sofiapolis, the last beacon of hope against the Yoju menace. You head the special police force known as the A.S.S.P., whose ranks are composed of genetically engineered android Biosoldiers, women programmed in advanced squad-based combat. They are prepared to do anything to turn the tide, but they need love from you to win, too.
Young Justice: Legacy,PC,Action,No score yet,4.7,T,Freedom Factory Studios,In Young Justice: Legacy fans can look forward to an original storyline set in between Seasons 1 and 2 of the television series, written in collaboration with show writers Greg Weisman and Brandon Vietti.  The game is packed with fan favorite playable characters, cameo appearances by popular Justice League heroes and villains, and includes online multiplayer as well as local multiplayer modes.
Your Doodles Are Bugged!,PC,Miscellaneous,69,5.6,NaN,Spyn Doctor,A magic explosion in the studio of Doodleus, the Master Doodler, has hexed his pet bugs into his doodles. Grab the magic pen and help Doodleus to free them again. Do you have the skill and precision to handle hundreds of bugs at once? Do you have what it takes to be a Master Doodler?
Your Quest,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Oblivionburn Productions,NaN
Your Shape,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Ubisoft,Your Shape is a revolutionary new fitness product that is laser-focused on you, ensuring you get the most personalized, effective and fun workout possible. The Your Shape camera comes with the game and, using proprietary fitness tracking technology, scans you, giving you a full body shape analysis. The game combines that analysis with the results of your fitness test and your goals to create a personalized fitness program to help you meet your goals as efficiently and effectively as possible. Unlike any other fitness product, when you begin your workout, the camera projects your image onto the TV. Because the camera tracks your movements, your coach can give you real-time input on how you're doing and advice on how to do it better. And, you get all of these benefits without having to hold a controller as you workout, leaving your hands free to focus on the exercises. In fact, the game encourages you to incorporate your own exercise equipment (weights, balance ball, etc). Just tell it what you have at home, and your coach will add it to your personal workout. No other fitness product provides this level of personalization and interactivity while leaving your hands free. 
Your World,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Rex204M,NaN
Yourself!Fitness,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Respondesign,Make a promise to yourself today and begin a commitment to your health for life with Yourself!Fitness. Maya, your personal trainer, helps you choose and achieve your health and fitness goals. She can guide you through dynamic workouts featuring more than 500 unique exercises. You can even set up a meal plan, customize your workout, and receive progress reports. Choose your music, your mood, and your focus and Maya will take care of the rest.
Yousei: The Third Investigation,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,sakevisual,"Also, try not to die. That would be bad."
Yrminsul,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Studio Black Flag, Black Flag Studios,NaN
Ys I & II Chronicles,PC,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.1,T,Falcom,Long, long ago, there was an ancient kingdom called Ys which prospered under the auspices of two heavenly Goddesses. Over time, the kingdom came to be known as Esteria, and its divine history was largely forgotten by all but the descendants of those who once preached the Goddesses' will. The only reminder of this lost lore was a cursed spire at the foot of a giant crater, which locals came to regard as "The Devil's Tower."
Ys Origin,PC,Role-Playing,76,8.7,NaN,Falcom,Ys Origin is a game that takes place 700 years before the events of Ys I & II.
Ys VI: The Ark of Napishtim,PC,Role-Playing,76,7.8,NaN,Falcom,In the latest game in the series that originated in 1987,  players assume the role of Adol Christian and embark on a rich adventure set on a deserted island. 
Ys: The Oath in Felghana,PC,Role-Playing,73,8.0,NaN,Falcom,Developer Falcom is working on the next installment in the Ys series, entitled Ys: The Oath in Felghana.
Yu-Gi-Oh! Online,PC,Miscellaneous,60,5.8,E,Konami,Join duelists from all across the country and around the world with this accurate recreation of the Yu-Gi-Oh! Trading Card Game on your PC and experience the power and magic of Yu-Gi-Oh! like never before. Duel against opponents from all over the world online. Trade cards online with other duelists. Chat with duelists world wide with the built-in auto-translate feature. New cards become available via game updates. [Konami]
Yu-Gi-Oh! Online 3: Duel Accelerator,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Konami,NaN
Yu-Gi-Oh! Online: Duel Evolution,PC,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Konami,Join duelists from all across the country and around the world with second Yu-Gi-Oh! Online dueling game.
Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos: Joey the Passion,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,6.8,E,Konami,In Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos: Joey the Passion, the exciting gameplay and rules of the Yu-Gi-Oh! TRADING CARD GAME are implemented as well as an all-new interface, enhanced strategies and two-player LAN play to redefine PC dueling. Gamers can access hundreds of new cards as well as import acquired cards from Yu-Gi-Oh! Power Chaos: Yugi the Destiny and Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos: Kaiba the Revenge to create the ultimate deck to duel against friends. [Konami]
Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos: Kaiba the Revenge,PC,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.7,E,KCEJ,Featuring more advanced strategies and hundreds of additional cards, Power of Chaos: Kaiba the Revenge works in conjunction with Power of Chaos: Yugi The Destiny or as a stand-alone game. In Kaiba the Revenge, players will collect over 300 additional cards, build up their collection and create more strategic combos and chains. With an ultra-cool new dueling field, a sleek mechanical interface in the image of Kaiba Corporation and the original card game artwork, Power of Chaos: Kaiba the Revenge is a must-have for all Yu-Gi-Oh! fans! [Konami]
Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos: Yugi the Destiny,PC,Strategy,52,5.9,E,Konami,Learn to play the hit Yu-Gi-Oh! TRADING CARD GAME with Yugi! Featuring stunningly detailed graphics, card artwork and dueling fields, prepare for the most intense Yu-Gi-Oh! duels ever! Power of Chaos is an essential learning tool for beginners who want to learn and understand how to play the Yu-Gi-Oh! TRADING CARD GAME like a master! [Konami]
Yume Miru Kusuri,PC,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Ruf,You are Kagami Kouhei, the average son of adopted parents, whose greatest concern is maintaining the status quo of your carefree student lifestyle. Your days pass uneventfully, accompanied only by the rhythmic sound of a train rushing down its track. You hear it in moments of stillness, powerless as it carries you away to an uncertain future... But into your life come three women who threaten to disrupt the fragile balance you so carefully guard, promising to take you places you've nev