title,platform,genre,metascore,userscore,rating,developer,summary
#KILLALLZOMBIES,PlayStation 4,Action,63,6.5,T,Beatshapers,In the distant future; #killallzombies is thrusting civilians into a sport of survival were a ravenous zombie population is unleashed in the name of sports entertainment with television spectators voting upon how many zombies they want to uncage to make survival all the more harder for you to accomplish with the potential of a collective horde of over 1,000 zombies.
10 Second Ninja X,PlayStation 4,Action,76,7.0,T,GameDesignDan,10 Second Ninja X is a hardcore sidescroller. You’re a ninja, there are robots, you’ve got ten seconds to destroy them all. Get three star ratings, climb leaderboards, discover secrets, and stop Captain Greatbeard.
1001 Spikes,PlayStation 4,Action,78,6.7,T,Nicalis,Aban Hawkins & the 1,001 Spikes is a 2D platformer where you have 1,001 lives to beat the game.
100ft Robot Golf,PlayStation 4,Sports,54,6.4,E10+,No Goblin,100ft Robot Golf is a real-time golf game through which you control massive robots on their quest for par. Never get your ball stuck behind a pesky tree or skyscraper ever again. Just swing your golf club to smash even the tallest buildings out of the way — or into the way of your robot golfing buddies. You can play with up to four people splitscreen on your TV, or immerse yourself in PlayStation VR and experience virtual golf robot reality. [No Goblin]
101 Ways to Die,PlayStation 4,Action,60,5.0,T,4 Door Lemon,101 Ways To Die is a physics-based puzzler full of gore and dark humor. It’s been described as “reverse-Lemmings” due to the puzzler gameplay style — and the fact that you as the player are deliberately trying to cause the AI characters harm, rather than save them. [Vision Games Publishing]
140,PlayStation 4,Action,72,tbd,E,Jeppe Carlsen,At its heart 140 is an old-school platformer set in a world of abstract colorful graphics, but it has a musical twist. You’ll need to overcome obstacles that are controlled by an energetic, yet melancholic electronic soundtrack - meaning you’ll need a heightened sense of rhythm to sync up your every move and jump to the music.
5 Star Wrestling: ReGenesis,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,1.4,T,Serious Parody,5 Star Wrestling: ReGenesis is built on true Ring Psychology with Heel and Face mechanics, a revolutionary Limb Damage System and Rivalries that impact gameplay. Featuring a 40 Hour Challenge campaign with 128 challenges, over 400 objectives, and more moves-per-wrestler than any other game including never before seen Finisher-To-Finisher reversals, 5 Star Wrestling is brimming with content.
7 Days to Die,PlayStation 4,Action,45,5.9,M,The Fun Pimps Entertainment LLC,It’s an open-world sandbox game to play alone, via splitscreen, or online, that gives you an enormous amount of freedom to choose how to survive in a post-apocalyptic world. You’re dropped into a harsh environment with almost nothing – not even clothes on your back. Through scavenging, crafting, and hunting, you’ll eventually put together the basic items you’ll need to live. You’ll have to deal with cold, heat, hunger and thirst, and there are wild animals that see you as prey. But that’s not the worst, because you’re not alone — the undead wander all around you. Slow and relatively easy to avoid by day, at night they become merciless, fast-moving killers, hungry for your flesh.
A Bastard's Tale,PlayStation 4,Action,48,6.0,T,No Pest Productions,Adapt to how the enemy attacks and defends with a vast array in enemy types. 
A Boy and His Blob,PlayStation 4,Action,66,7.3,E,Abstraction Games,Marking the 20th anniversary of this NES classic, a boy and his blob is a rebirth of this fan favorite title that expands upon the original platform adventure. This Wii exclusive is a heartwarming story of friendship that challenges players to work together with their new blob friend to solve puzzles, defeat monsters and escape danger on Earth and Blobolonia. By feeding the blob jelly beans, players can activate his special abilities to transform him into helpful tools - including a ladder, trampoline, parachute, cannon, shield and many more.  Every different blob form aids the boy as he navigates 40 side-scrolling levels filled with hidden treasures and unlockable bonus content.
A King's Tale: Final Fantasy XV,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Square Enix,NaN
Aaru's Awakening,PlayStation 4,Action,59,1.8,E,Lumenox ehf,A hand-drawn 2D action platformer set in the mythical world of Lumenox. Master the synergy of Teleportation and charge to defeat evil.
Absolute Drift: Zen Edition,PlayStation 4,Racing,78,6.8,E,Flippfly,In Absolute Drift, you will master the art of drifting. Practice your skills in Free-Roam and compete in drift events such as Driftkhana and Mountain Drifting.
Abyss Odyssey: Extended Dream Edition,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,65,6.0,T,ACE Team,Its a never-ending dream....
ABZU,PlayStation 4,Fantasy,77,7.6,E,Giant Squid,ABZÛ is an grand descent into the depths of the sea, where players explore ocean environments with fluid swimming controls. The experience draws inspiration from the deep innate narrative that we carry within our subconscious: the story of ABZÛ is a universal myth that resonates across cultures. The name references a concept from the oldest mythologies; it is the combination of the two ancient words AB, meaning ocean, and ZÛ, meaning to know. ABZÛ is the ocean of wisdom. [505 Games]
ACA NeoGeo: The King of Fighters '94,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,SNK,Walk into battle with your head held high! In The King of Fighters, you'll never fight alone! Choose one of eight teams in this all-out battle spectacular. Teams from Fatal Fury, Art of Fighting, Ikari Warriors, and a few uncharted areas come together for the first time ever. Dodge attacks, tag-off with team members, use your special King Krusher Battle Moves and take the crown in The King of Fighters '94!
Ace Banana,PlayStation 4,Action,38,4.5,E,TVR,In the game, players assume the role of a Banana Archer, the world-famous protectors of bananas. In opposition are hordes of mischievous monkeys, set on stealing bananas from the player’s stash.
Aces of the Luftwaffe,PlayStation 4,General,No score yet,4.1,E10+,HandyGames,Aces of the Luftwaffe is a classic retro shoot ‘em up.
ACT IT OUT! A Game of Charades,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Snap Finger Click Ltd,Everyone's favorite word-guessing party game is now available on your TV! Act out the secret phrase and let the other players in your living room guess what it is. And for maximum entertainment the game also has additional modes where you have to sing, draw or describe the hidden phrase.
Action Henk,PlayStation 4,Action,73,4.6,E,RageSquid,Action Henk is a platform-racing game set in a beautifully crafted 3D toy box world, where a cast of classic action figure inspired characters compete to once and for all prove that Action Henk is the fastest of them all. The game challenges players to shave milliseconds off their times by running, jumping and butt-sliding with 5 playable characters across over 70 challenging levels in a game which revels in almost sonic speeds.
Adam's Venture: Origins,PlayStation 4,Adventure,53,5.6,NaN,Vertigo Games,Head out on a bold adventure in Adam’s Venture: Origins. Set in the roaring 20’s, in Adam’s Venture: Origins you will explore ancient ruins, and recover mysterious artifacts. Together with your trusted accomplice Evelyn, you will have to outsmart the evil Clairvaux company.
ADR1FT,PlayStation 4,Action,56,5.6,T,Three One Zero,ADR1FT is an immersive First Person Experience (FPX) that recounts the story of an astronaut in danger. Floating quietly within the wreckage of a destroyed space station with no memories and a critically damaged EVA suit, the lone survivor struggles to understand the cause of the catastrophic event that killed everyone on board. The player must fight to stay alive by exploring the wreckage for precious resources and overcome the challenges of the unforgiving environment to repair the damaged emergency escape vehicle and safely return home. [505 Games]
AdVenture Capitalist,PlayStation 4,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Hyper Hippo Productions,Welcome, eager young investor, to AdVenture Capitalist. Have you always dreamed of owning your own business? Being the master of your own destiny? Forming your own multi-national conglomerate to create a world-wide, monopolistic economy? Then AdVenture Capitalist is the game for YOU. Hire employees, purchase cutting edge upgrades, dominate the market, and attract eager Angel Investors to boost your profits.
Adventure Time: Finn and Jake Investigations,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,6.7,E10+,Vicious Cycle,Adventure Time: Finn and Jake Investigations is an all-new, real-time, fully 3D action-oriented twist on the classic story-driven graphic adventure game.  Finn and Jake decide to carry on the profession of Finn's foster parents, who were Professional Investigators.  Confronted with mysterious Land of Ooo disappearances and strange events, players will interrogate colorful inhabitants, dispatch evil doers in fast-paced combat, solve mind-bending puzzles, explore new and familiar locations, and genuinely feel as if they have stepped into their own personal episode of Adventure Time.
Adventures of Pip,PlayStation 4,Action,74,8.5,E10+,TicToc Games,Adventures of Pip, is an action-platformer with a frsh gameplay twist inside a retro 32-bit world. Alas, Pip is an unlikely 1-pixel hero yet has the unique ability to absorb the pixels of his defeated enemies to evolve into three different forms. Players will skillfully switch between these three forms while exploring five worlds on an epic 10-hour campaign to defeat the Skeleton Queen.
Aegis of Earth: Protonovus Assault,PlayStation 4,Strategy,57,7.8,T,Acquire,A frenetic new spin on action strategy gaming. Dig in, plan out and build up your defenses as hordes of hulking monstrosities bombard your heavily fortified city in an attempt to wipe you off the Earth for good. Command the final bastion of humanity as you fight for the survival of the species using fantastic tech, cunning tactics and massive weapons. [Aksys]
AeternoBlade,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Corecell Technology,In the region of Awelsia, vengeful Freya travels with an unknown weapon called "AeternoBlade" to take revenge from Beladim, the Lord of the Mist who destroyed her village, Ridgerode, and killed her tribe. Her vengence is helped by Vernia , who has as much merit as Beladim. Vernia taught Freya about the ablility of AeternoBlade.
Afro Samurai 2: Revenge of Kuma Volume One,PlayStation 4,Action,21,2.8,M,Versus Evil,Head out on a journey of redemption, driven by bitter-sweet revenge. The saga of Afro Samurai continues but this time follows the path of Kuma, one of Afro’s closest childhood friends.
Agatha Christie's The ABC Murders,PlayStation 4,Adventure,67,5.9,T,Microids,The ABC Murders is an adventure and investigation game adapted from the classic Agatha Christie novel. Assume the role of the famous private detective Hercule Poirot and, once again, you find yourself up against a mysterious serial killer who goes by the name of "ABC".
AIPD - Artificial Intelligence Police Department,PlayStation 4,Action,62,tbd,E10+,Blazing Badger,Enter the AI arena and fight evil artificial intelligences with a variety of weapons and modifications. AIPD is a top-down coop twin-stick shooter with a visual style that is an homage to 80s neon art styles, pioneered by games like Minestorm on the Vectrex console system or feature films like TRON. 
Air Conflicts Double Pack,PlayStation 4,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,T,Kalypso,NaN
Air Conflicts: Pacific Carriers,PlayStation 4,Simulation,No score yet,4.9,T,Games Farm,Air Conflicts: Pacific Carriers combines authentic Second World War settings and a fictitious story that will lead the player through the Arcade-Flight-Action. The starting point for all the flight missions in the campaign is an aircraft carrier in the Pacific, which the player commands as the captain of the ship. The player decides at the beginning of the game whether to engage in battle under the flag of the US Navy or the Japanese Imperial Fleet. In Air Conflicts: Pacific Carriers the battles are also fought in the air, e.g. Pearl Harbor, Midway and Wake Island. Instead of individual aircraft, here the player can control entire squadrons and switch between them during the mission. Various single and multiplayer modes will guarantee long-lasting game fun.
Air Conflicts: Secret Wars,PlayStation 4,Simulation,No score yet,NaN,NaN,U&I Entertainment,In Air Conflicts: Secret Wars players can relive the most famous battles of the First and Second World War right up close. The game provides plenty of variety, as players can fly 16 meticulously detailed and accurate aircraft in nearly 50 exciting missions in the seven campaigns. The mission tasks are diverse and range from air space clearance operations to the bombardment of targets on the ground, attacks on enemy convoys and reconnaissance, escort and patrol flights. After each successful mission players can upgrade their skills to enable them to control their aircraft more expertly, make their aircraft more robust and select better co-pilots. There are two control modes for the combat aircraft: the controls are simplified in arcade mode and simulation mode offers a realistic control system that is true to the original. Besides the solo campaigns, Air Conflicts: Secret Wars can also offer several multiplayer modes for up to eight players that can be played on a local network and over the Internet.
Air Conflicts: Vietnam Ultimate Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,30,2.2,T,bitComposer Entertainment AG, bitComposer,Take to the skies above Vietnam and fly for both sides of this explosive conflict.
AirMech Arena,PlayStation 4,Simulation,No score yet,6.2,E10+,Carbon Games,Free-To-Play Action Strategy 
Akiba's Beat,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Acquire,NaN
Akiba's Trip: Undead & Undressed,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,57,7.0,M,Acquire,Explore the supernatural mysteries of Akihabara in AKIBA'S TRIP: Undead & Undressed. A dark conspiracy plots to consume Japan's pop-culture mecca with an army of synthetic vampires. As a fugitive from their experiments, it's up to you to hunt these 'Synthisters' down, brawling with them in the streets and tearing off their clothes to roast them in the harsh light of day. Just remember, they can do the same to you!
Albedo: Eyes from Outer Space,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,55,tbd,T,Z4g0 and Ivan Venturi Productions,You are John T. Longy, a night-watchman at JUPITER, a secret base, set in an old, partially abandoned research facility in a remote countryside location. JUPITER is the main laboratory of the OLYMPUS GROUP.
Alekhine's Gun,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,36,3.8,M,Maximum Games,It is the height of the Cold War, a time of global uncertainty and civil unrest. In this stealth shooter you play Agent Alekhine, a highly skilled Russian assassin driven by a moral compass that leads you headfirst into a covert operation unsanctioned by the country you serve. Working alongside American CIA agents, your mission is clear - though how you accomplish it is anything but - as the tension of a nuclear standoff grows with each passing minute. In a world where one wrong move could be the end of you, navigating a new direction comes at a price.
Alien Shooter,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Sigma-Team,NaN
Alien: Isolation,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,79,8.1,M,Creative Assembly,Alien: Isolation is a first-person survival horror game which captures the fear and tension evoked by Ridley Scott’s 1979 classic film. Players find themselves in an atmosphere of constant dread and mortal danger as an unpredictable, ruthless Xenomorph is stalking and killing deep in the shadows. Underpowered and underprepared, you must scavenge resources, improvise solutions and use your wits, not just to succeed in your mission, but to simply stay alive.
Alien: Isolation - Corporate Lockdown,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Creative Assembly,Welcome to Corporate Lockdown, the first expansion pack for Alien: Isolation. This pack features three all-new maps:for Survivor Mode, a time-based challenge to test your skills. 
Alien: Isolation - Crew Expendable,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Creative Assembly,This additional content sees the original crew reunited aboard the Nostromo. Brett and Kane are dead alongside Ash and Lambert, it is now down to you as Dallas, Parker or Ellen Ripley, to find a way to isolate the Alien and overcome the terror that confronts them.
Alien: Isolation - Last Survivor,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Creative Assembly,As Ellen Ripley, it is down to you to complete the last mission on board the Nostromo. The rest of the crew are dead. In a desperate bid to survive you must set the ships self-destruct and attempt to reach the escape shuttle.
Alien: Isolation - Lost Contact,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Creative Assembly,Welcome to Lost Contact, the fourth add-on content pack for Alien: Isolation, returning to the epic Salvage Mode.
Alien: Isolation - Safe Haven,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.4,M,Creative Assembly,Welcome to Safe Haven, the third add-on content pack for Alien: Isolation, featuring the all-new Salvage Mode. How long can you survive? You've found the only safe room on Sevastopol but supplies are running out. You'll have to venture out, complete objectives and return to the safe room safely. But who's waiting for you out there? And what choices will you make to stay alive?
Alien: Isolation - The Trigger,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Creative Assembly,Welcome to The Trigger, the fifth add-on content pack for Alien: Isolation.
Alien: Isolation - Trauma,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Creative Assembly,Welcome to Trauma, the second add-on content pack for Alien: Isolation. This pack features three all-new maps for Survivor Mode, a time-based challenge to test your skills.
Alienation,PlayStation 4,Sci-Fi,79,8.0,M,Housemarque,Unleash a devastating array of conventional, hybrid and Alien weaponry and eliminate the Alien masses with extreme firepower in massively destructible environments where collateral damage can literally bring the house down.
Allumette,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Penrose Studios,Allumette tells the story of a young orphan girl who lives in a fantastical city in the clouds. After enduring tragedy, she grasps at hope for her future. Loosely inspired by 'The Little Match Girl' by Hans Christian Andersen, Allumette is an account of the love a mother and daughter have for one another, and the sacrifices they make for the greater good.
Alone With You,PlayStation 4,Adventure,72,7.4,T,Benjamin Rivers,Assume the role of the last survivor of a doomed space colony, trying to repair your ship and escape a planet before it implodes around you. Spend your days searching for clues and parts you need with your troubled AI companion, and your nights in the colony’s holo-sim chamber, experiencing some surprising, story-defining relationships. [Playstation.com]
Amazing Discoveries In Outer Space,PlayStation 4,Action,71,5.5,E,Cosmic Picnic,An odyssey through the galaxy where physics-based space-flight and platforming action blend seamlessly together. Explore a colorful universe filled with amazing discoveries, alien races, and fashionable hats. Unfortunately, your only company is ZING, a navigation computer with no memory of your whereabouts and a slightly faulty social circuit.
Amnesia Collection,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Frictional Games,NaN
Among the Sleep,PlayStation 4,Adventure,65,6.7,T,Krillbite Studio,Among The Sleep invites you into the mind and body of a two year old child. After being put to bed one evening, mysterious things start to happen.  Being played in first person, the game lets its players immerse themselves in a child's limitless imagination. This is a perspective we all have a distant familiarity with, but few can clearly remember what it felt like. In the borderland between dream and reality, surreal creatures and diverse environments will present you with both physical and mental obstacles that challenge your creativity.
Amplitude,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,74,7.9,E,Harmonix Music Systems,Amplitude features over twenty songs composed for an optimal beatmatching experience by Harmonix with contributions from Freezepop, Danny B, Jim Guthrie, and more. Many of the developers from the original game worked on this reboot.
Angry Birds Star Wars,PlayStation 4,Strategy,47,2.0,E,Exient Entertainment,Angry Birds Star Wars has player use the Force, wield their Lightsaber, and blast away Pigtroopers on an intergalactic journey from the deserts of Tatooine to the depths of the Pig Star.
Anima: Gate of Memories,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,52,7.9,T,Edge Entertainment, Anima Project,Anima Gate of Memories is a third person action RPG in which the player will explore a vast world filled with dangers and wonders. In it you take control of two characters who are trap in a war in the shadows, a secret conflict that will engulf the world into chaos.
Anomaly 2,PlayStation 4,Strategy,74,5.5,T,11 bit studios,In the years following the invasion of Earth in 2018, the planet is overrun by alien machines. Humankind is on the verge of extinction. Banded together in huge convoys, they search the frozen tundra for food and supplies. Since the war, the roles have been reversed: now our species seems to be the Anomaly on a machine-controlled planet. Your convoy, Commander, is called Yukon.
Another World: 20th Anniversary Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,53,6.0,T,The Digital Lounge,Also known as Out Of This World, Another World is a pioneer action/platformer that released across more than a dozen platforms since its debut in 1991. Along the years, Another World has attained cult status among critics and sophisticated gamers alike.
Ape Escape 2,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,SCE Japan Studio,What do you get when you combine 300 monkeys with one little mix-up? Discover the mayhem as the Specter, an evil monkey, leads troops of riotous monkeys in a revolution. You must chase down each monkey and stop its plans for world domination by using a variety of wild gadgets, vehicles, and unlockable items. In Ape Escape 2, you can capture monkeys around the world, explore new environments, and play through several new minigames.
Apollo 11 VR Experience,PlayStation 4,Simulation,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Immersive VR Education Ltd.,NaN
Apotheon,PlayStation 4,Action,76,7.3,T,Alientrap,The Gods of Olympus have abandoned humans, leaving them to perish without their benevolence. Take up arms against the Gods, climb Mount Olympus, and assume their divine powers for yourself to ensure the human race’s survival. Apotheon is a 2D action game with a heroic narrative based on Ancient Greek Mythology.
Aqua Kitty: Milk Mine Defender DX,PlayStation 4,Action,74,5.4,E10+,Tikipod Limited,Due to a sudden shortage of milk, cats around the world are forced to seek out new sources to get their fix. You and your team of milk mining kittens have overcome a fear of water to drill down under the ocean seabed and begin extracting vast reserves of what seems to be naturally forming, full-fat milk. You have to blast your way through hordes of mechanical sea monsters in your powerful kitty submarine and defend the deep sea milk mining kittens.
Aragami,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,71,7.1,M,Lince Works,Aragami is a stealth game in which you play an undead assassin with the power to control the shadows. The darkness is your ally and the source of your strength, letting you teleport instantly to any other shadow, create new areas of darkness to stay invisible, materialize physical weapons and traps from thin air, or even summon a shadow dragon to decapitate your target.
Arc the Lad: Twilight of the Spirits,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,8.5,T,Cattle Call,Join two heroes, Darc and Kharg, on their quest to capture the Great Spirit Stones, a resource sought by two warring races. Twin brothers separated at birth, Darc and Kharg come from different backgrounds--one has suffered great hardship, and the other seeks to uncover his mysterious past. Arc the Lad: Twilight of the Sprits features an epic storyline, a dynamic battle voice-over system, and strategic combat sequences that will immerse you in their adventures.
Arcade Archives: A-jax,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,'A-JAX' is a shooting game that was released in 1987. Players play as special combat troops codenamed 'A-JAX' with the goal of destroying an army of alien invaders. This work was ahead of its time using flashy sound effects and musical scores and was one of the first games ported to a consumer game console.    The 'Arcade Archives' series has faithfully reproduced the masterpieces of classic arcade games on the PS4 system while taking advantage of the additional features the PS4 system offers. Players can share play screens and video with the SHARE feature, and can also compete with other players online to improve your standing on the online score ranking leaderboard. Please enjoy the masterpiece that built a generation for video games.
Arcade Archives: Bomb Jack,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Koei Tecmo Games,BOMB JACK is an action game that was released by Tehkan (Koei Tecmo Games) in 1984. Players assume the role of 'Jack', a superhero who can leap and glide, to collect all bombs in game stages.
Arcade Archives: Bubble Bobble,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,THESE ARE TWO HUNGRY DINO-MIGHTS AND THEY'VE GOT BUBBLE FIGHT'N FUN DOWN TIGHT. You and your two brontosaurus buddies, Bub and Bob, are up to your brows in bubble troubles. You've got to battle battalions of bullies by blowing and bursting billions of bubbles. It's a fast-paced bubble banquet through over 100 screens of slap happy suds. Got an appetite for fun... then get blowin'.
Arcade Archives: Buta San,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,'Buta san' is an action game that was released from JALECO in 1987.
Arcade Archives: City Connection,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,Your mission: Race your speed demon car from New York to Tokyo in record time. With the cops and the enemy on your tail. They ambush you at every turn, pushing you off the road, leaping into your path. You outsmart them, firing an arsenal of oil cans you've collected in the road, knocking them out and racking up more points. Cover every stretch of the highway in order to hit the next city. You can make it. Or can you?
Arcade Archives: Contra,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Konami,The universe teeters on the brink of total annihilation at the hands of the vile alien warmonger, Red Falcon. Earth's only hope rests with you, a courageous member of the Special Forces elite commando squad. Your mission: Battle deep into the deadly Amazon jungle, where the Red Falcon and his galactic henchmen have transformed ancient Mayan temples into awesome monuments dedicated to mass destruction. A multitude of weapons, from rapid-fire machine guns to high-tech lasers are at your disposal as you sweat blood, fighting past 3-D mazes, underground security systems, and tropical forests surrounded by giant waterfalls and alien cannons. This is the ultimate test for the ultimate guerilla warrior. And if you survive, Earth survives.
Arcade Archives: Cosmo Police Galivan,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Hamster,'Cosmo Police Galivan' is an action game that was released from Nichibutsu in 1985.  Players are transformed into 'Galivan' with putting in hand the power crystal, to destroy the universe criminal organization 'Aku'.   
The 'Arcade Archives' series has faithfully reproduced the masterpieces of classic arcade games on the PS4 system while taking advantage of the additional features the PS4 system offers.  Players can share play screens and video with the SHARE feature, and can also compete with other players online to improve your standing on the online score ranking leaderboard.
Arcade Archives: Crazy Climber,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,Come one, come all! Watch the death-defying feats of a human fly - Crazy Climber! Help him scale the world's tallest buildings while avoiding tumbling girders, a marauding bird, and the villainous Mad Doctor. Hurry up! The show's about to start!
Arcade Archives: Crazy Climber 2,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Hamster,CRAZY CLIMBER is an action game for arcade game produced by Nichibutsu in 1980.  
Arcade Archives: Double Dragon,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Arc System Works,Double Dragon is the story of Billy and Jimmy Lee, twin brothers who learned to fight on the cold, tough streets of the city. Their expert knowledge of the martial arts combined with their street smarts, has made them both formidable fighting machines. But now Billy is faced with his greatest challenge. Marian has been kidnapped by the Black Warriors, the savage street gang of the mysterious Shadow Boss! Using whatever weapons come to hand - knives, whips, bats, rocks, oil drums, even dynamite - Billy must pursue the gang through the slums, factories, and wooded outskirts of the city to reach the hideout for his final confrontation with the Shadow Boss... his brother Jimmy!
Arcade Archives: Double Dragon II - The Revenge,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Arc System Works,The Double Dragons - Billy and Jimmy Lee - are back to avenge the loss of Marion. In their quest to defeat the evil Shadow Warriors, the martial arts duo are challenged in 9 incredible missions, facing ruthless street gangs, nunchaku-toting ninja and giant mutant warriors! The non-stop action winds its way through construction sites, alleyways and underwater hideouts complete with secret elevator shafts, spiked ceilings and razor-sharp mechanical claws! And in a bonus mission, never before seen, the duo's worst fear becomes reality as they fight the ultimate battle between good and evil. A battle where not only their lives are at stake, but the fate of the entire world.
Arcade Archives: Exerion,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,'EXERION' is a shooting game that was released from JALECO in 1983.  Players must grapple with the inertial force of their fighter within a pseudo-3D space all while properly using dual and single beam weapons to destroy incoming enemies.    The 'Arcade Archives' series has faithfully reproduced the masterpieces of classic arcade games on the PS4 system while taking advantage of the additional features the PS4 system offers. Players can share play screens and video with the SHARE feature, and can also compete with other players online to improve your standing on the online score ranking leaderboard.  
Arcade Archives: Formation Armed F,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,A shooting game that was released from Nichibutsu in 1988.
Arcade Archives: Gradius,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,You are the last hope of the gentle people of Gradius. You've just lifted off to confront the all-out attack of the amoeboid Bacterions. Your hyper-space fighter is armed with the greatest arsenal in the galaxy. Air-to-surface and double beam laser cannons for incredible firepower. Powerful force fields for protection. Time and space warps for fleeing the dimension. You'll need it all just to survive. Because at the heart of the Bacterion Empire lies the Xaerous Superfortress - the nerve center of the all-knowing, all-seeing Bacterion Bio-Computer. It's a duel to the death, while the entire galaxy watches, waits, and hopes!
Arcade Archives: Gradius II,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,This shooter is the sequel to GRADIUS. Two years after its last epic battle, the GRADIUS army recommissions the VIC VIPER superdimensional warplane to combat the invasion of a new nemesis known as GOFER. Piloting the latest model of the VIC VIPER, players can select between multiple WEAPON MODULES and SHIELDS to tackle the varying stages and enemy attack patterns they come up against. With a total of nine stages, this perfect port of the original boasts one of the longest adventures in the series and features more of its trademark fast-paced background music to accompany the action.
Arcade Archives: Ikki,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Hamster,'Ikki' is an action game that was released from SUNSOFT in 1985.  Players control 'Gombe' of farmers, to go to raid evil magistrate, will defeat confronting enemies. In this work, players can enjoy 'two coop play'. Player 2 will operate 'Tago'.    The 'Arcade Archives' series has faithfully reproduced the masterpieces of classic arcade games on the PS4 system while taking advantage of the additional features the PS4 system offers.  Players can share play screens and video with the SHARE feature, and can also compete with other players online to improve your standing on the online score ranking leaderboard.  Please enjoy the masterpiece that built a generation for video games.    'In-Game Language: Japanese Only'
Arcade Archives: Karate Champ,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,Your karate championship is at stake. Can you master all the lunges, kicks, spins, somersaults, foot sweeps, reverse punches, and defensive blocks needed to retain your title? Move fast and play smart or you'll get flattened before you can grunt! Different picturesque settings provide the backdrops for your matches. Hiiiiieeeeeooooo!
Arcade Archives: Kid's HoreHore Daisakusen,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Hamster,'Kid's Horehore Daisakusen' is an action game that was released from Nichibutsu in 1987.
Arcade Archives: KiKi KaiKai,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,Kiki Kaikai is an action game published by Taito in 1986. Players control Sayo — a young Shinto shrine maiden — fighting against monsters in order to save the kidnapped Seven Lucky Gods. This title includes both the Japanese version and the overseas version.
Arcade Archives: Life Force,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,You've saved the innocent people of Gradius from the vile Bacterions. But now an even deadlier plague has slimed into the neighborhood. It's Zelos, an all-engulfing, planet-eating alien who's hungering to take a bite out of you! Only this time you don't have to rescue the millions of Gradians alone. You can call on a starfighter friend from the planet Latis, who'll fight beside you in his RoadBritish space destroyer. You'll both be gunning for max power-ups, with ripple lasers, plutonic missiles and impregnable force fields. But you better be on target. For this isn't your ordinary space scum. And to crush him you've gotta soar through his guts, blast past his death traps and ultimately blow out his heart. Good luck, Commander. The galaxy's counting on you!
Arcade Archives: MagMax,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,It's up to you to save the human race by transforming mechanical parts into the ultimate robot warrior--MagMax. On land, on sea, and in outerspace you shoot deadly lasers from your beam gun to fight off the forces of the three-headed mechanical monster of Babylon. If you survive the undersea volcano, you come face to face with Babylon in the final battle of the giant space robots.
Arcade Archives: Mat Mania Exciting Hour,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Hamster,'MAT MANIA EXCITING HOUR' is a wrestling game that was released from 'Technos Japan' in 1985.   Players use variety techniques to be the champion. Enjoy the challenge of facing five strong wrestlers!    Additional hardware required for Remote Play.
Arcade Archives: Moon Cresta,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,'Moon Cresta' is a shooting game produced by Nichibutsu in 1980. Players control Unit 1, Unit 2, and Unit 3 of the airplane, and coalescing these airplanes will defeat the enemies.
Arcade Archives: Mr. Goemon,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,Mr. Goemon is an action game released in 1986. Players try to reach the goal at the end of each level while avoiding enemy capture with a variety of items and weapons.
Arcade Archives: MX 5000,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,NaN
Arcade Archives: Ninja-Kid,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,'Ninja-Kid' is an action game that was released from the UPL in 1984.  
Arcade Archives: Ninja-Kid II,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,'Ninja-Kid II' is an action game that was released from the UPL in 1987.
Arcade Archives: Nova 2001,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,'NOVA2001' is a shooting game that was released from the UPL in 1983.  Players control a fighter which can shoots in all directions.  Its main purpose is to continue to defeat a variety of enemies that appear in each stage.    The 'Arcade Archives' series has faithfully reproduced the masterpieces of classic arcade games on the PS4 system while taking advantage of the additional features the PS4 system offers.  
Arcade Archives: Raiders 5,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,RAIDERS 5' is a shooting puzzle game that was released from the UPL in 1985.  Players aim to escape by destroying all of the targets on the stage. Find the exit!  
Arcade Archives: Renegade,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Hamster,2 A.M. is no time to be alone in the subway. And you're about to find out why. They've got clubs, chains and blades. And it's three against one... but they've picked the wrong one. The streets are a mess and it's time to do a little street cleaning. They started it... You've gotta finish it!
Arcade Archives: Rygar,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,4.5,E10+,Koei Tecmo Games,You and Rygar, the legendary warrior of Argool, must defeat the evil king and his army of dangerous beasts. With powers and weapons from the Indora war gods, you go into battle with Rygar. It's up to you! The enemies are strong, the terrain treacherous, and the challenges difficult. The sun is setting and Rygar is depending on you. Rygar's exploits were once confined to arcades, but now he is battling the forces of evil everywhere. Join forces with Rygar!
Arcade Archives: Scramble,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,Scramble your fighter and take on the enemy! The base is heavily guarded and you must guide your ship through five levels of enemy defenses before you can destroy your objective.
Arcade Archives: Shanghai III,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,"Shanghai III" is a puzzle game released by SUNSOFT in 1993.
Arcade Archives: Shusse Ozumo,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Arc System Works,'Shusse Ozumo' is a sports game that was developed by Technos Japan in 1984.  Players play as Sumo wrestlers, and aim to become a Yokozuna. 'Syusse Ozumo' is the oldest sumo arcade game and was the forerunner of later Sumo Tournament games.  Sumo is a competitive full-contact wrestling sport where a wrestler(Rikishi) attempts to force another wrestler out of a circular ring (Dohyo) or into touching the ground with anything other than the soles of the feet.    The 'Arcade Archives' series has faithfully reproduced the masterpieces of classic arcade games on the PS4 system while taking advantage of the additional features the PS4 system offers. Players can share play screens and video with the SHARE feature, and can also compete with other players online to improve your standing on the online score ranking leaderboard.  Please enjoy the masterpiece that built a generation for video games.  
Arcade Archives: Soldier Girl Amazon,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Hamster,Soldier Girl Amazon is a shooter from Nichibutsu (1986). The soldier girl Amazon fights on a completely different Earth, dominated by strange beasts and crazy cyborgs. [Playstation.com]
Arcade Archives: Solomon's Key,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Koei Tecmo Games,You and Dana, the wizard of Lyrac, must unlock Solomon's scroll of secrets to restore peace in the constellations. With Dana's magic, fire, and mystical powers, you will help release the imprisoned Princess of the Fairies and harness the evil forces within the constellations. But first, you need the key! Solomon's Key - the arcade hit!
Arcade Archives: Super Dodge Ball,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Arc System Works,Team USA is on its way to a Cinderella success story in the Super Dodgy Ball World Cup Championships. From out of nowhere, this scrappy bunch of rookies is advancing to the final round of competition. Seven powerful teams still stand between Team USA and their ultimate challenge; the long awaited grudge match with the undefeated, defending world champions, Team USSR. Only you can lead the U.S. to victory over the highly-favored competition, and give them the chance to crush the mighty Soviets.
Arcade Archives: Terra Cresta,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,'TERRA CRESTA' is a shooting game that was released from Nihon Bussan in 1985.  Players recapture parts that have been left in the ground.  Intercept the enemy in formation attack and aim to the space devil Mandora.    'Arcade Archives series' has faithfully reproduce the masterpiece of arcade games for PS4 system. Also support PS4 system features.  Players can share play screens and video with the SHARE feature, and players can also compete with other players for score online ranking.  Please enjoy the masterpiece that built a generation for video games.
Arcade Archives: The Legend of Kage,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Hamster,This classic ninja-action game first appeared in arcades in 1985 and became instantly popular. As the Iga ninja named "Kage," players embark on an action-packed quest as they move toward a magic castle where the Princess "Kiri" is held captive by "Yohshirou Yukikusa." To stay alive, players move vertically and horizontally through forest and castle environments and execute massive jumps, all the while using throwing-star knives and a sword to take down hordes of enemies.
Arcade Archives: TwinBee,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Hamster,NaN
Arcade Game Series 3-in-1 Pack,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Bandai Namco Games,This is a special pack consisting of 3 classic arcade games including PAC-MAN, GALAGA and DIG DUG! Get 3 games for the price of 2!
Arcade Game Series: Dig Dug,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Bandai Namco Games,Create your own maze as you tunnel fearlessly through the earth. Your goal: Reap tasty vegetables worth healthy points. Your enemies: ghosts who want to bury you alive, fierce fire-breathing dragons, and mean balloon-like bullies! Can you dig it? Here's the exciting home version of the celebrated coin-op original!
Arcade Game Series: Galaga,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Bandai Namco Games,Take control of a fighter space craft and shoot down the invading aliens. Watch out for the swooping motherships, which will try to steal your fighter. Rescue captured fighters to double your firepower. Earn Perfect Bonuses as you battle your way through wave after wave in different challenging stages.
Back to Bed,PlayStation 4,Action,62,5.0,E10+,Bedtime Digital Games, LOOT Interactive,Bob the sleepwalker has a habit of always falling asleep in hazardous places. Luckily for Bob, his subconscious protector, Subob, is always ready to save him. Now the challenge for Subob is to guide Bob to safety, across rooftops, avoiding falls, and around dangerous creatures from the nightmares of Bob.
Back to the Future: The Game,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,7.2,T,Telltale Games,Marty McFly and Doc Brown return in a completely new adventure! Six months after the events of the third film, the DeLorean Time Machine mysteriously returns to Hill Valley - driverless! Marty must go back in time and get aid from a resistant teenage Emmett Brown to save the Doc he knows from certain death! Featuring original cast member voices, original music and story input by trilogy writer and producer Bob Gale, this is the adventure fans have been waiting for!
Backgammon Blitz,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,5.9,E,VooFoo Studios,Become a Blitz master
BADLAND: Game of the Year Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,76,6.2,E,Frogmind,BADLAND is a side-scrolling action adventure with physics-based gameplay and atmospheric graphics and audio. Players control a flying creature, Clony, and try to survive through an astonishing number of imaginative and deadly traps, puzzles and obstacles within a dense, beautiful forest. One of the key gameplay mechanics is cloning, where you end up controlling dozens of Clones at the same time.
Bard's Gold,PlayStation 4,Action,64,tbd,E,Erdem Sen,Bard’s Gold is slower-paced than most modern platformers and takes its gameplay inspiration from late ’80s and early ’90s classics such as Rick Dangerous, Alex Kidd in Miracle World, Rainbow Islands, Wonder Boy in Monster World, Erik, and Rodland. It features an original soundtrack that perfectly frames the atmosphere, soothes your soul and fills you with confidence as you overcome levels you once thought were unbeatable.
Baseball Riot,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E10+,10tons Ltd, 10tons,Baseball Riot is a humorous physics based puzzle game. The player, as the baseball star Gabe Carpaccio, must travel through the US and clear more than 100 levels bristling with Explodz energy drink crazed villains. The gameplay is easy to pick up and play; the player simply lines up a shot, swings the bat and sees the ball knock out obnoxious fans, leery catchers, biased umpires and more. The player must bounce the ball of walls and obstacles to get the goons lurking behind cover.
Basement Crawl,PlayStation 4,Action,27,2.6,T,Bloober Team,Enter the basement, explore dark, sinister arenas and be at one with the insanity. Bomberman inspired mechanics bring party games to the next generation level. Staying alive won't be easy. The only way to survive is to become death itself, crushing all opponents. Fight with, or against your friends in a intensive, packed with action online and offline game modes. And remember, because of the horror-based graphics and themes, it's best if you don't play this game alone in the dark. You never know what might be hiding behind you.
Bastion,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,89,7.9,E10+,Supergiant Games,The goal of the game is to construct a safe haven in the wake of the Calamity, a cataclysmic event that shattered the world into a series of floating islands. As players journey into the wild unknown in search of survivors and supplies, they will confront strange beasts, forge an array of customizable weapons, and gain new powers from specially-brewed spirits. The entire play experience of Bastion is dynamically narrated, gradually revealing a rich backstory as the narrator reacts to the player's actions in real time.
Batman: Arkham Knight,PlayStation 4,General,87,7.6,M,Rocksteady Studios,Batman confronts the ultimate threat against the city he has been sworn to protect. The Scarecrow returns to congeal an imposing array of super villains, including The Penguin, Two-Face and Harley Quinn, to summarily destroy The Dark Knight. The game introduces Rocksteady's uniquely-designed imagining of the Batmobile drivable for the first time in the franchise. Batman: Arkham Knight offers gamers a complete Batman experience as they rip through the streets and soar across the skyline of the iconic Gotham City.
Batman: Arkham Knight - A Flip of a Coin,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Rocksteady Studios,Play as Batmans famous sidekick Robin, as he seeks to take down Two Face upon discovering his money laundering operation. Includes 2 AR challenge maps.
Batman: Arkham Knight - A Matter of Family,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,61,6.5,M,Rocksteady Studios, WB Games Montreal,When The Joker kidnaps Commissioner Gordon and holds him hostage at the Seagate Amusement Park, Batgirl and Robin will fight against the odds to save him and avoid falling prey to The Joker’s sinister plan. Trained by Batman, Batgirl’s combat combines with unrivaled hacking abilities to defeat enemies, control objects and solve puzzles. 
Batman: Arkham Knight - Catwoman's Revenge,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,6.0,M,Rocksteady Studios, WB Games Montreal,Set after the events of Arkham Knight, prowl the night as Catwoman as she seeks her revenge on the Riddler with this story pack.
Batman: Arkham Knight - Crime Fighter Challenge Pack 1,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Rocksteady Studios,Grab this Crime Fighter Challenge Pack and receive 6 AR challenges for Batman, Nightwing, Robin and Catwoman. This expansive challenge pack allows focused training in Freeflow Combat and Invisible Predator stealth incursion.
Batman: Arkham Knight - Crime Fighter Challenge Pack 2,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Rocksteady Studios,Grab this Crime Fighter Challenge Pack and receive various challenge maps for Batman, Nightwing, Robin, Catwoman and the Batmobile. This expansive challenge pack allows focused training in Freeflow Combat and Invisible Predator stealth incursion.
Batman: Arkham Knight - Crime Fighter Challenge Pack 3,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Rocksteady Studios,Get this Crime Fighter Challenge Pack to receive various combat and predator maps featuring Batman, Nightwing, Robin, and the Batmobile. This expansive challenge pack allows focused training in Freeflow Combat and Invisible Predator stealth incursion.
Batman: Arkham Knight - Crime Fighter Challenge Pack 4,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Rocksteady Studios,Get this Crime Fighter Challenge Pack to receive various challenge and predator maps featuring Batman, Nightwing, Robin, Catwoman and Azrael. This expansive challenge pack allows focused training in Freeflow Combat and Invisible Predator stealth incursion.
Batman: Arkham Knight - Crime Fighter Challenge Pack 5,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Rocksteady Studios,Get this Crime Fighter Challenge Pack to receive various combat and predator maps featuring Batman, the Batmobile, Nightwing, Azrael, and Harley Quinn. This expansive challenge pack allows focused training in Freeflow Combat and Invisible Predator stealth incursion.
Batman: Arkham Knight - GCPD Lockdown,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,5.8,M,Rocksteady Studios, WB Games Montreal,Set after the events of Arkham Knight, play as Nightwing to stop the Penguin from breaking out of the Gotham City Police Department in this thrilling story pack.
Batman: Arkham Knight - Harley Quinn Story Pack,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Rocksteady Studios,For the first time in the Arkham series take on the role of Jokers psychotic side-kick Harley Quinn and wreak havoc inside the Bluedhaven Police Department as you smash, crash and bash your way to a friend very much in need. With this exclusive Story Pack experience events in the lead-up to Arkham Knight as you infiltrate Bluedhaven to rescue your partner in crime: Poison Ivy. Baseball bat in hand, lure unsuspecting enemies with the Jack-in-the-box, entangle them with your Snare Trap, or unleash Mayhem Mode to savor Harleys devastatingly chaotic nature first-hand.
Batman: Arkham Knight - Red Hood Story Pack,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Rocksteady Studios,Get the Red Hood Story Pack and wage a one-man war against the notorious Black Mask. For the first time in the Arkham series, take on the role of the ruthless vigilante Red Hood and utilize new moves, gadgets and dual handguns as you attempt to bring down a vast criminal empire. Inspired by events from the comics, experience unique combat situations and bring a new kind of fear to your enemies as you fight towards an epic showdown with Gothams most infamous crime lord.
Batman: Arkham Knight - Scarecrow Nightmare Missions,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Rocksteady Studios,NaN
Batman: Arkham Knight - Season of Infamy: Most Wanted,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,79,7.9,M,Rocksteady Studios,Play as Batman with the Season of Infamy: Most Wanted Expansion, featuring legendary super-villains invading Gotham City. In these story missions, The Dark Knight faces the most dangerous super criminals as chaos continues to erupt in the streets of Gotham. This pack includes 4 separate missions with all new story arcs featuring Ras Al Ghul, The Mad Hatter, Killer Croc and Mr. Freeze.
Batman: Arkham Knight - WayneTech Track Pack,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Rocksteady Studios,Test your skills behind the wheel with these two cutting edge WayneTech themed racetracks.
Batman: Arkham VR,PlayStation 4,Action,75,7.6,M,Rocksteady Studios,Batman: Arkham VR is a new Batman story set in the Arkham universe and exclusive to PlayStation VR. For the first time in a Rocksteady Arkham story, Batman: Arkham VR offers players the chance to feel that unique sense of presence in these legendary locations through virtual reality. [Rocksteady]
Batman: Return to Arkham,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,72,8.5,T,Rocksteady Studios, Virtuos,Return to Arkham and experience two critically acclaimed titles from the last generation - Batman: Arkham Asylum and Batman: Arkham City, with fully remastered and updated visuals. Batman: Return to Arkham includes the comprehensive versions of both games and includes all previously released additional content. Batman: Arkham Asylum exposes players to a dark and atmospheric adventure that takes them into the depths of Arkham Asylum -Gotham City's high security psychiatric hospital for the criminally insane. Use Batman's legendary gadgetry, strike from the shadows, and confront The Joker and Gotham City's most notorious super villains. Batman: Arkham City sends players soaring into Arkham City - a heavily fortified sprawling district in the heart of Gotham City. Batman Arkham City introduces a brand-new story that draws together an all-star cast of classic characters and murderous villains from the Batman universe. 
Batman: The Telltale Series,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,7.7,M,Telltale Games,Enter the fractured psyche of Bruce Wayne and discover the powerful and far-reaching consequences of your choices as the Dark Knight. In this gritty and violent new story from the creators of The Walking Dead – A Telltale Games Series, you'll make discoveries that will shatter Bruce Wayne's world, and the already fragile stability of a corrupt Gotham City. Decide the fate of Gotham City. Determine the fate of Bruce Wayne and his dark persona, Batman. Your choices write a new chapter in the complex and dangerous lives of the playboy industrialist and the vigilante detective. [Telltale]
Batman: The Telltale Series - Episode 1: Realm of Shadows,PlayStation 4,Adventure,70,6.5,M,Telltale Games,Rendered to look like a living, breathing comic book, Telltale's vision of Batman featureS a cast of talent including Troy Baker in the role of Bruce Wayne, Travis Willingham as Harvey Dent, Erin Yvette as Vicki Vale, Enn Reitel as Alfred Pennyworth, Murphy Guyer as Lieutenant James Gordon, Richard McGonagle as Carmine Falcone, and Laura Bailey as Selina Kyle. [Telltale]
Batman: The Telltale Series - Episode 2: Children of Arkham,PlayStation 4,Adventure,66,7.5,M,Telltale Games,NaN
Batman: The Telltale Series - Episode 3: New World Order,PlayStation 4,Adventure,80,8.1,M,Telltale Games,Penguin's brutal attack broadcast on live TV has left Gotham City reeling. As Bruce and Batman, you'll dig deeper into the web of intrigue surrounding the newly revealed Children of Arkham. Meanwhile, behind closed doors, the mysterious Selina Kyle reveals more of herself to Bruce. And in the aftermath of the attack, Bruce’s friend and Gotham’s new mayor, Harvey Dent, is a deeply changed man. Who can be trusted when the future of Bruce Wayne - and the Batman - could be determined by the flip of a coin?
Battle Ages,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,3.0,E10+,DR Studios,Storm through history and conquer your enemies in this awesome combat strategy game! Progress from the dawn of mankind, build your civilisation, and lead it through thousands of years of advancement from the discovery of fire to the invention of the telegraph in exciting PvP combat of epic proportions. Use your workers to build cutting edge industry, build and upgrade your defenses and employ great scientific minds of the era to research fantastic weapons of each distinct age. Train your military and send armies out to lay waste to nearby settlements and steal their stashed riches. Join the race through time and fight to be the most powerful leader in history! Key features of Battle Ages;
Battle Islands,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,1.4,T,505 Games,Its time for battle
Battle Trivia Knockout,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,51,tbd,E,Happy Dance Games,Battle head-to-head in this frenzied trivia action game and knock out the competition. Over 1,000 new questions are both presented on screen and spoken by the Trivia Sensei.
Battle Worlds: Kronos,PlayStation 4,Strategy,62,tbd,NaN,KING Art,Battle Worlds: Kronos is a turn-based strategy game that stays true to its hexagonal-roots, inspired by classics like Battle Isle. The planet is once again torn by war, for the succession of a new emperor. Its destiny is in your hands.
Battleborn,PlayStation 4,Sci-Fi,68,6.8,T,Gearbox Software,Battleborn is a next-gen hero-shooter brought to you by the creators of the award-winning and best-selling Borderlands franchise. In Battleborn’s distant future, the only hope for the last star in a dying universe is a new breed of warriors, who must put aside their differences to drive back an unstoppable menace. Choose from a myriad of powerful heroes and fight together alongside your friends in an intense co-operative campaign, or battle against them in fast-paced competitive multiplayer matches.
Battleborn - Attikus and the Thrall Rebellion,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gearbox Software,A born leader arisen from within the ranks of the lowborn Jennerit Thralls, Attikus was forever changed when his Imperium overseers implanted shard-powered tech throughout his body. He now fights to overthrow Rendain, beat back the Varelsi, and save his people. 
Battlefield 1,PlayStation 4,Action,88,8.6,M,EA DICE,Intuitive destruction and dynamic weather ensure that no battle is ever the same. For even more gameplay possibilities, carve a path through walls and buildings, take down your enemies in creative ways, and leave your mark on the terrain around you through intuitive destruction. Through your actions, the pristine world around you change into a battle-scarred landscape, changing the world forever. With dynamic weather you will need to adapt your tactics to weather changes as the elements play a part in the battle. Playing the same map on a bright day, in heavy fog, or rain will impact what you see and hear, forcing you to adapt your play style on an ever-changing battlefield. Operations introduces a new way to play multiplayer. In Battlefield 1 you play a series of interconnected battles across multiple fronts. Play a sequence of battles where your actions have consequences beyond a single match, as you try to conquer territory or push back your attackers. At those times when you feel all is lost, call in the Behemoths - the largest fully player-controlled vehicles ever seen in Battlefield. Roam the battlefield and rain fire on your enemy to break their defenses. All-out war never felt so epic. Take control of the Armored Train, Air Ship, or the Battleship to dominate the battlefield across land, air, and sea. [Electronic Arts]
Battlefield 4,PlayStation 4,Action,85,6.9,M,EA DICE,Battlefield 4 is an action blockbuster that aims for unrivaled destruction. Fueled by Frostbite 3, Battlefield 4 allows you to demolish the buildings shielding your enemy. You will lead an assault from the back of a gun boat. Battlefield grants you the freedom to do more and be more while playing to your strengths and carving your own path to victory. Beyond its hallmark multiplayer, Battlefield 4 features an intense, dramatic character-driven campaign that starts with the evacuation of American VIPs from Shanghai and follows your squad's struggle to find its way home. Change the landscape in real-time with interactive environments that react to your every move. Dominate land, air and sea with all-new, intense water-based vehicular combat.
Battlefield 4: China Rising,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,5.9,M,NaN,The battle continues on the Chinese mainland with the release of Battlefield 4 China Rising. All-new maps, vehicles, gadgets, and a new game mode await you in this thrilling expansion.
Battlefield 4: Community Operations,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,EA DICE,As the war rages on in South-East Asia, an Indonesian faction of scientists have secretly been working on a human virus, tested on monkeys for use in warfare. It didn't go according to plan and the monkeys managed to outsmart their captors, escaped the facility, and wreaked havoc in the nearby valley. The incident got picked up by military intelligence from both factions who is now sending in forces to seize the research. Enter the dense jungle to battle for supremacy in a valley with a medical research facility, an ancient temple, and a lush waterfall. The valley is infantry focused with limited access making the use of agile vehicles, such as RHIBs on the river and quad bikes for fast transportation, critical for success. Throughout the development of the map Operation Outbreak, Battlefield 4 players have helped shape its final form by providing feedback, suggestions, and voted in critical developmental polls. Are you ready to draw first blood in the jungle?
Battlefield 4: Dragon's Teeth,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,5.9,M,EA DICE,Dragon’s Teeth sees five new weapons making their Battlefield debut in addition to a new unlockable gadget, the Ballistic shield. Dragon’s Teeth also introduces a new game mode, Chain Link, a twist on the fan-favorite Conquest mode that sees squads battle to link capture points in order to achieve victory. Fans will also get ten new assignments with unique unlocks and a new Battle pickup in the R.A.W.R., a remote controlled ground vehicle armed to the teeth.
Battlefield 4: Final Stand,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.9,M,EA DICE,Final Stand is part of BF4 Premium
Battlefield 4: Legacy Operations,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,EA DICE,Battlefield 4 Legacy Operations includes Dragon Valley 2015, a classic map reimagined both visually and with new gameplay features. The battle of Dragon Valley 2015 takes place in an idyllic valley where ancient legends tell of a yellow dragon that helped a king channel flood waters into the sea. Its a huge vehicle focused map with eight capture points in Conquest, making it one of the biggest maps in Battlefield 4. This updated version includes use of more foliage, fitting terrain, increased elevation with higher peaks, cloud layers, and destructible buildings. Use tactical destruction to cut off attack lines by destroying bridges, or repair them to your advantage. For infantry players, the Team Death Match game mode includes a dockyard area in the north point of Dragon Valley 2015 that been redesigned with inspiration from the Battlefield 3 fan-favorite map, Noshahr Canals, to offer intense close-quarter combat.
Battlefield 4: Naval Strike,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.4,M,EA DICE,Battlefield 4 Naval Strike takes the water-based combat introduced in Battlefield 4 to the next level with a new amphibious vehicle and four all-new maps set in the South China Sea.
Battlefield 4: Night Operations,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,EA DICE,Battlefield 4 Night Operations brings more tactical gameplay as the combat goes into the dark. The battle on the grounds of the old Russian tank factory in the map Zavod 311 continues all day without any victor. As the day turns into night the Graveyard Shift begins with a new set of fresh soldiers picking up the battle. When the map is shrouded in darkness the gameplay shift and provides a tactical advantage to the players that utilize scopes for night vision and thermal imaging or use gadgets that reveal the enemy position when the visibility is impaired. Light is more important and using flares or flashlights might increase your vision, but beware that your enemies will spot you easier. Or utilize tactical destruction of light sources such as lamps to cloak the area in even greater darkness.
Battlefield 4: Premium Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.7,M,EA DICE,Own more, be more with the Battlefield 4 Premium Edition! This is the ultimate Battlefield 4 experience that delivers unrivaled team-based multiplayer, dynamic destructible environments and epic vehicular combat. Battlefield 4 Premium Edition is the ultimate all-out war collection that includes the Battlefield 4 game plus Battlefield 4 Premium membership that gives you five themed digital expansion packs with tons of new multiplayer content, including 20 new maps, new game modes, and plenty of new weapons and vehicles. The collection adds even more diversity, ranging from dramatic amphibious action in Naval Strike and battles across the majestic levels of China Rising to infantry focused urban combat in Dragons Teeth and experimental high-tech warfare in the blissful artic landscape of Final Stand. Plus four fan-favorite maps from Battlefield 3 remade in Second Assault.
Battlefield 4: Second Assault,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.6,M,Dice,Destroy the ceilings of the flooded Operation Metro. Bring down the communications tower of the new Caspian Border. Create flammable hazards on Operation Firestorm and dodge Gulf of Oman’s sand storm. Second Assault pushes the fan-favorites to their limits.
Battlefield Hardline,PlayStation 4,Modern,73,5.0,M,Visceral Games,Run your crew as detective Nick Mendoza in an episodic crime drama single player campaign or as cops and criminals in rapid Battlefield multi-player. You will be on one side of the thin blue line or the other. Assume control using new tactics to gather intelligence, obtain warrants and takedown with non-lethal force to effectuate the arrests. Take the cash in a new battlefield playground. New maps and gadgets alter the way you play the game. Utilize grappling hooks and zip-lines to scale city buildings and fly across the city with the cheddar. No matter the strategy, teamwork is key to winning the turf war. Sate your need for speed in  new action-packed modes. Hop in exotic muscle cars, sleek crotch rockets or even give your whole crew a lift in transports or armored trucks.
Battlefield Hardline: Criminal Activity,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Visceral Games,Make a name for yourself in four fast-paced new maps - Code Blue, Backwoods, The Beat and Black Friday - littered with small-time robberies and stick-ups.
Battlefield Hardline: Getaway,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Visceral Games,Once you have the loot, you need to get away with it.
Battlefield Hardline: Robbery,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Visceral Games,Battlefield Hardline Robbery is the 2nd of four expansion packs included in Battlefield  Hardline Premium.
Battleship,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Frima Studio,With a modern and interactive 3D board, Battleship brings the classic franchise to a new level. Deploy your fleet and shoot at your opponent’s grid to find and destroy enemy ships before yours are sunk. Enjoy the game you know and love with the Classic mode or get more tactical in a brand new way to play with Clash at Sea mode.
Battlezone,PlayStation 4,Action,63,6.9,T,Rebellion,Designed for the next wave of virtual reality devices, Battlezone gives you unrivalled battlefield awareness, a monumental sense of scale and breathless combat intensity. You are in the cockpit of a super weapon. Your instincts and senses respond to every threat on the battlefield as enemy swarms loom over you and super-heated projectiles whistle past your ears.
Beach Buggy Racing,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.8,E,Vector Unit,Beach Buggy is back with an explosive sequel! Drive into an action-packed, surprise-filled world of off-road kart racing mayhem. Race against a field of rival drivers, each with unique personalities and special abilities. Build a collection of crazy powerups, like Dodgeball Frenzy, Fireball, and Oil Slick. Unlock and upgrade a variety of cars, from dune buggies to monster trucks. Test your skills in 6 different game modes on 15 imaginative 3D race tracks, against a pack of tropical-loving rivals with a serious case of road rage!
Bears Can't Drift!?,PlayStation 4,Racing,53,tbd,E10+,Strangely Named Studio,Slam your paw to the floor and power slide between the pines as you face-off against up to three friends in multiplayer split screen. Includes twelve tracks spread across three worlds and three game modes with up to eleven computer-controlled opponents. Bears Can’t Drift!? is retro karting action with a modern look and feel. [Playstation.com]
Bedlam,PlayStation 4,Action,53,6.2,M,Standfast Interactive,The game is based on the novel of the same name by award-winning author, Christopher Brookmyre, and sees the player take on the role of protagonist Heather Quinn as she negotiates a variety of levels, all of which reference classic games and genres of years gone by.
Berserk and the Band of the Hawk,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Omega Force,Berserk (working title) will fuse the signature ‘one versus thousands’ style action of the long-running Warriors franchise with the grim and gruesome atmosphere of the world of Berserk. As players harness the power of Guts’ Great Sword and utilize the swift and agile swordplay of Griffith to slash and smash through hordes of enemies, players familiar with the Warriors series will be able to feel the difference in gameplay through the way each character handles combat. The game will also incorporate various battle mechanics to better bring the world of Berserk to life, such as Magic and Transformations.
Best of Arcade Games,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,EKO Software, Neko Entertainment,NaN
Beyond Eyes,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,52,3.6,E,tiger & squid,Beyond Eyes is a modern fairy tale about finding courage and friendship as you carefully guide young Rae on a life changing journey, uncovering an incredible world, step by step. Blinded as a young child, and reluctant to leave the protection of her family home, Raes world is once more shattered as Nani, her pet cat, goes missing. Summoning up all the courage she can muster, Rae learns to face her fears and ventures out into the world, to find her best friend.
Beyond: Two Souls,PlayStation 4,Adventure,72,7.8,M,Quantic Dream,Live the life of Jodie Holmes, a young woman who possesses supernatural powers through her psychic link to an invisible entity. Experience the most striking moments of Jodie's life as your actions and decisions determine her fate. As she traverses the globe, Jodie will face incredible challenges against a backdrop of emotionally-charged events never before seen in a video game.
Big Buck Hunter Arcade,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,Maximum Games,Big Buck Hunter promises the arcade experience to your living room with this fast paced arcade shooter. Travel around the globe and take down wild game in Whitetail and Moose adventures or try your aiming and speed skills in epic bonus challenges. [Playstation.com]
Big City Stories,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,6.3,T,Hellfire Games,Design, build, and rule your own city. Big City Stories puts you in charge of your own city where you can meet your citizens and staff, race around in vehicles you commandeer, and invite friends to admire your creation. [Playstation.com]
Binaries,PlayStation 4,Action,71,tbd,E,Ant Workshop Ltd,Test your skills and reflexes as you simultaneously guide two lovable (may not be lovable) balls through over 100 controller-smashingly (may not even be a word) tough platform challenges. Control both balls at exactly the same time as you try to avoid the death and danger that awaits their every move. Oh, and there are jokes. (May not be funny.)
BioShock: The Collection,PlayStation 4,Action,84,8.6,M,2K Games,Return to the cities of Rapture and Columbia and experience the BioShock franchise like never before. BioShock: The Collection retells the epic journeys of the BioShock universe remastered for PS4.
Bit.Trip Presents...Runner2: Future Legend of Rhythm Alien,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Gaijin Games,Runner2 is the sequel to BIT.TRIP RUNNER. In the style of the BIT.TRIP series, Runner2 is a rhythm-music platforming game. Players will run through fantastic environments, using brand new moves, to brand new soundtracks as they run, jump, slide, kick, and soar toward the goal of tracking down the Timbletot and thwarting his evil plans to destroy not only our world, but every world there is.
Blacklight: Retribution,PlayStation 4,Action,58,6.2,T,Zombie Studios,Blacklight: Retribution is a fast paced, adrenaline pumping first person shooter based in a futuristic urban warzone. Building upon Zombie Studios' predecessor, Tango Down, Blacklight: Retribution provides FPS enthusiasts with a massive arsenal of weaponry and gear ranging from bleeding edge side arms to massive mechanized Hardsuits. Customize your weapons and gear for the perfect load out, earn credits in game to change the tide of battle by deploying flame throwers, automatic grenade launchers and even airstrikes.
Blade Ballet,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,DreamSail Games,Choose your bot: In this multiplayer game of whirling robot destruction, mayhem rules. Blade Ballet pits 2 to 4 players against one another in a battle to be the last bot standing. Do you like cats? Check. Do you like STEVes? Check. Catbot, STEVe, and eight other robots each have unique special abilities that you can use to slice and dice your way across hazardous battle arenas. Even the environment — lasers, falling platforms, giant pits of lava, avalanches, and more – becomes a powerful weapon you can deploy to dominate the competition. All this local and online multiplayer goodness can be yours. [DreamSail Games]
Bladestorm: Nightmare,PlayStation 4,Action,58,6.5,T,Omega Force,In Bladestorm: Nightmare the player is called to create a mercenary and accept missions which will advance the English or the French cause in the course of the Hundred Years War. The successful completion of these missions relies on a variety of elements which put the player’s fighting abilities, strategy, tactical and leadership skills to the test. The Mercenary does not ride to the field alone, but as the commander of an army unit selected to fit each individual situation as some missions are better fought with foot soldiers, others with lances, archers, light cavalry, or a combination of melee, ranged and mounted units.
Blast 'Em Bunnies,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Nnooo,Defend your burrow from a horde of evil bunnies before they take you down! Pick them off using your carrot rifle, pelt their furry hides with your watermelon pip machine gun or wreak havoc with your runner bean laser. Want to destroy as many of their colony as possible? Your turnip mortar will do maximum splash damage. These crafty cottontails come in all shapes and sizes. Some of them can even fly, so you'll need every weapon in your armory to deal with this barbarous band of bitter bunnies. How they became evil, where they came from and who taught them to fly remains a mystery. But there's no time to ponder these rabbit riddles, just grab your favorite weapon and...Blast 'Em Bunnies!
BlazBlue: Central Fiction,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,T,Arc System Works,BlazBlue: Central Fiction is the newest installment in the storied BlazBlue franchise and stands alone as the pinnacle of next gen 2D fighters! Like a well-timed 2D punch, BlazBlue: Central Fiction bashes massive amounts of content and innovation into one slick title that hits hard and keeps the pummeling steady! Prepare yourself for a brand new story, new characters, levels, modes, system mechanics and more! Choose from over 33 unimaginable fighters as you battle for 2D supremacy!
BlazBlue: Chrono Phantasma Extend,PlayStation 4,Action,80,7.6,T,Arc System Works,With the revamped Guard Gauge system, players will determine when to attack/block using the Barrier Gauge meter. They  can dish out super-powerful Guard Crush attacks when their opponent's Barrier Gauge is low with the revamped Guard system. 
BlazeRush,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,7.4,E10+,Targem Games,BlazeRush is an arcade racing survival game with no health, no leveling and no brakes.  You can assemble a team of friends to play in local or online multiplayer, choose a car to your taste and chase, blow up and cut off.  Adapt your style and tactics to new enemies, obstacles and tracks.    
Blood Bowl 2,PlayStation 4,Sports,72,7.5,T,Cyanide,Blood Bowl II mashes Warhammer and football together, in an explosive cocktail of turn-based strategy, humor and brutality, adapted from Games Workshop’s board game. 
Bloodborne,PlayStation 4,Fantasy,92,8.6,M,From Software,Bloodborne is an action RPG in which you hunt for answers in the ancient city of Yharnam, now cursed with a strange endemic illness spreading through the streets like a disease. Peril, death and madness infest this dark world, and you're tasked with uncovering its darkest secrets which will be necessary for you to survive. Armed with a singular arsenal of weaponry, including guns and saw cleavers, you'll require wits, strategy and reflexes to dispatch the agile and intelligent enemies that guard the city's underbelly. You will utility holy chalices to access an array of vast underground ruins, chock full of traps, beasts, and rewards, to explore and conquer on your own or with other people.
Bloodborne: Complete Edition,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,9.4,M,From Software,Bundle includes Bloodborne full game plus The Old Hunters DLC expansion.
Bloodborne: The Old Hunters,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,87,9.0,M,From Software,Set in a nightmare world where hunters from the past are trapped forever, explore brand new stages full of dangers, rewards, and deadly beasts to overcome. You’ll find multiple new outfits and weapons to add to your arsenal as well as additional magic to wield and add more variety to your combat strategy. [SCEJ]
Blue Estate,PlayStation 4,Action,49,5.8,M,HeSaw,Blue Estate is a darkly funny rail shooter based on comic books of the same name. Assume the role of Tony Luciano, the homicidal maniac son of LA’s crime boss Don Luciano, and Clarence, a broke ex-navy seal who has been hired to clean up Tony’s mess. While Tony wages war with the Sik gang in an attempt to get back his kidnapped “Helen of Troy,” Clarence has to try to end that war against increasing odds. 
Blue Rider,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Ravegan,A shoot-em-up inspired arcade classics.
Blues and Bullets - Episode 1: The End of Peace,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,86,5.1,NaN,A Crowd of Monsters,Blues and Bullets is a noir adventure set in the ’20s, in a fictional American city called Santa Esperanza. A place where Eliot Ness, the former leader of the legendary Untouchables, wished to spend the rest of his days working in his diner after jailing Al Capone, not dwelling too much on the cesspit of corruption his city had degenerated into. [A Crowd of Monsters]
Blues and Bullets - Episode 2: Shaking The Hive,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,4.8,NaN,A Crowd of Monsters,Blues and Bullets is a noir adventure set in the ’20s, in a fictional American city called Santa Esperanza. A place where Eliot Ness, the former leader of the legendary Untouchables, wished to spend the rest of his days working in his diner after jailing Al Capone, not dwelling too much on the cesspit of corruption his city had degenerated into. [A Crowd of Monsters]
Boggle,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.2,E,Frima Studio,So you think youre fast at finding words? Prove it! Challenge yourself or up to 3 friends online in a refreshed, updated Boggle experience. Theres still the same Boggle you like. You can also play with a suite of different variants and house rules to really shake things up! Search fast and act faster its an all-new way to play Boggle!
Bombing Busters,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Sanuk Games,Bomb a myriad of nasty critters in a series of 30 wicked mazes. Defeat hellish bosses in heroic fights. Play solo, or up to five players in merciless battles. Embark on a journey with the witty Dr. Wallow to conquer the galaxy in this arcade game.
Borderlands: The Handsome Collection,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,82,7.8,M,Gearbox Software,Borderlands: The Handsome Collection includes the definitive versions of both Borderlands 2 and Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel, built specifically for next-gen consoles.
Bounce Rescue!,PlayStation 4,Action,56,tbd,E10+,Bitecore,The Evil Devil has landed on earth with the intention of taking over the world. He will not get away with it as easily as he thought, for he has to take on the skillful Bounce Rescue! team, who will do anything to protect the earth. However, the Evil Devil manages to capture two members of the team and escape to Darkland. Outraged by this, the team goes on a mission to save their captured members from the Evil Devil. You can help the Bounce Rescue! team to release the captives and save the earth in this exciting, problematic and fun platformer game. Are you ready for the adventure? Challenge your friends in a 2-4 person multiplayer match and find out who is the best. Multiplayer modes include Capture The Flag, Survival and Deathmatch, as well as many different maps on all game modes. [Playstation.com]
Bound,PlayStation 4,Action,72,7.4,E10+,SCE Santa Monica, Plastic Studios,Players use dance moves to traverse vast environments filled with platforming challenges in an introspective story that is revealed through powerful metaphor and imagery. [Plastic]
Bound by Flame,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,53,6.0,M,Spiders,You are a mercenary possessed by a flame demon in a desperate world ravaged by seven Ice Lords and their Dead-Army. In this RPG where all your choices lead to consequences, you will have to choose between unleashing the powers of the beast within and rejecting the demonic influence that wants to claim your humanity. 
BRAWL,PlayStation 4,Action,62,6.3,M,Bloober Team,It’s a horror-themed party game for up to four players. The game mixes well-known gameplay (you try to blow up your opponents with strategically placed bombs) with MOBA elements. There are eight characters, each with unique skillset. The easiest way to learn which character is best suited to your style is to play through the story mode that serves as a tutorial. BRAWL is mainly a party game and as such it features five local multiplayer modes, two online only, and two modes that can be played by one or two players in cooperation.
Breach & Clear: Deadline,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,M,Mighty Rabbit Studios,Assume real-time control over a squad of four elite Special Forces tasked with tracking down information on the source of the infestation. 
Brick Breaker,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Sanuk Games,Brick Breaker, the classic arcade game, is back. Collect bonuses, avoid traps and shoot your way to victory. Play alone or with up to 4 players on a split screen.
BROFORCE,PlayStation 4,Action,68,6.3,M,Free Lives,A ridiculously violent platform game about being awesome action heroes from the 80s and 90s while slaying satanic terrorists and aliens while unraveling an evil plot to destroy the planet while dealing with being awesome action heroes from the 80s and 90s.
Broken Age,PlayStation 4,Third-Person,81,7.4,E10+,Double Fine Productions,Broken Age is a point-and-click adventure telling the stories of a young boy and girl leading parallel lives. The girl has been chosen by her village to be sacrificed to a terrible monster--but she decides to fight back. Meanwhile, a boy on a spaceship is living a solitary life under the care of a motherly computer, but he wants to break free to lead adventures and do good in the world. Adventures ensue.
Broken Bots,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Bunnycopter,Broken Bots is an online multiplayer top-down shooter in which multiple teams battle for control of the map. Complete objectives to keep your systems running or your bot will malfunction, giving you extra hurdles to overcome while fighting your enemies. Learn to deal with the unexpected, capitalize on malfunctions that work to your advantage.
Broken Sword 5: The Serpent's Curse,PlayStation 4,Adventure,72,7.2,T,Revolution Software,Paris in the spring. Shots ring out from a gallery… A robbery… a murder… and the beginning of another epic, original Broken Sword adventure. From Revolution Software comes the latest explosive episode in this classic series. 
Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,81,8.6,T,Starbreeze,Share in the epic journey of two brothers, as they set out to find a cure for their dying father.
Brunswick Pro Bowling,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Farsight Technologies, Crave, Alliance Digital Media,Brunswick Pro Bowling allows you to experience all the thrills and excitement of being a professional bowler with a simple, intuitive scheme and real ball and pin physics.
Brut@l,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,68,6.1,T,Stormcloud Games Limited,Brut@l is a modern re-imagining of the classic ASCII dungeon crawler with roguelike elements. With Perma death as a key feature players choose their hero: Ranger, Mage, Warrior or Amazon then descend into a procedurally generated world constructed entirely from ASCII. With weapon crafting, potion brewing and an onslaught of enemies to face, can you survive this Brut@l dungeon crawler? [Playstation.com]
Buff Knight Advanced,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,E,Buff Studio Co.,Ltd.,Buff Knight Advanced is a 2D RPG in which the player constantly on the move. Kill the invading monsters with your sword or by timing your use of spells carefully. As you progress the game becomes more intense with stronger and uglier monsters. Collect artifacts and upgrade your items and attributes to become the most buff Knight the world has ever seen.
Bully,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,8.0,T,Rockstar Vancouver,Rockstar Games brings their unique storytelling to the perils of the schoolyard in Bully. As a troubled schoolchild at Bullworth Academy, you can to stand up to bullies, deal with malicious teachers, play pranks on other schoolchildren, and try to get the girl in this story-driven action game. Bully adds humorous tongue-in-cheek storylines and situations to the schoolyard hi-jinks.
Cabela's African Adventures,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,4.6,T,FUN Labs,Explore the scenic wilderness of Africa on foot and by rig, where you’ll go head to head with the most notorious beasts on the planet as you attempt to take down the biggest of the Big Five: The Rhino, Lion, Leopard, Cape Buffalo & African Elephant.
Caladrius Blaze,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Moss,Caladrius Blaze is a vertical scrolling shooter developed by Moss. It includes all the elements of Caladrius and Caladrius AC. It also includes extra content such as new stages, new story scenarios, new bosses, and characters designed by Yasuda. [Playstation.com]
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare,PlayStation 4,Action,83,5.7,M,Sledgehammer Games,Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare predicts the powerful battlegrounds of the future, where both technology and tactics have taken steps to usher in a new era of combat for the franchise. Kevin Spacey is Jonathan Irons -- one of the most notorious men in the world -- shaping this chilling vision of the future of war. The game unfolds in a plausible future in which technological, telesis and today's military practices have converged with real world consequences. In this image of the future, Private Military Corporations have become the dominant armed forces for many countries who must outsource their military needs, redrawing borders and rewriting international law.  Irons, the founder and president of the world's largest PMC, Atlas Corporation, is at the vortex of these tectonic plates.
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare - Ascendance,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.2,M,Sledgehammer Games,Four brand new multiplayer maps. They are named: Perplex, Site 244, Climate, and Chop Shop. "Exo Zombies Map 2" is part 2 of a 4-part unique Zombies experience. After being overrun at the Atlas research facility outbreak, our heroes awaken to find that the infection has spread and mutated the surrounding town. Before they can get any answers, they’ll have to fight their way out. New Bonus Weapons: The OHM directed energy hybrid weapon can switch between an LMG and Shotgun on the fly. Also included is the OHM-Werewolf custom variant.
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare - Havoc,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.1,M,Sledgehammer Games,The 1st DLC pack for Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare
Call of Duty: Black Ops III,PlayStation 4,Action,81,4.6,M,Treyarch,In Black Ops 3, Treyarch introduces a new momentum-based chained-movement system which enables players to fluidly move through the environment with finesse, using controlled thrust jumps, slides, wall runs and mantling abilities in a myriad of combinations, all while continuously keeping full control over their weapon. Maps are designed from the ground-up for the new movement system, enabling players to be successful with traditional movement, as well as with advanced tactics and maneuvers.
Call of Duty: Black Ops III - Awakening,PlayStation 4,Action,74,5.3,NaN,Treyarch,The first of four planned DLC map packs, Awakening features 4 new multiplayer maps - Skyjacked, Rise, Splash, and Gauntlet - and the next chapter in the Black Ops 3 Zombies saga, Der Eisendrache.
Call of Duty: Black Ops III - Descent,PlayStation 4,Action,68,tbd,M,Treyarch,Descent takes the fight to new Black Ops III Multiplayer environments, including Cryogen: an isolated cryo-prison; Berserk: a Viking village frozen in time; Rumble: a future robot combat arena; and Empire: a re-imagining of the Call of Duty Black Ops II classic, Raid, as a lavish Roman villa. [Activision]
Call of Duty: Black Ops III - Eclipse,PlayStation 4,Action,74,4.0,NaN,Treyarch,In the latest episode of the Zombies experience, the Origins characters head to 'Zetsubou No Shima', a tropical island where experiments with Element 115 have created horrors beyond belief. Battle your way through four stunning Black Ops III Multiplayer environments: Spire, Knockout, Verge and Rift.
Call of Duty: Black Ops III - Gold Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Treyarch,Call of Duty: Black Ops III combines three unique game modes: Campaign, Multiplayer and Zombies, providing fans with the deepest and most ambitious Call of Duty ever. The Campaign has been designed as a co-op game that can be played with up to 4 players online or as a solo cinematic thrill-ride. Multiplayer will be the franchises deepest, most rewarding and most engaging to date, with new ways to rank up, customize, and gear up for battle. And Zombies delivers an all-new mind-blowing experience with its own dedicated narrative. The title ushers in an unprecedented level of innovation, including jaw-dropping environments, never before experienced weaponry and abilities, and the introduction of a new, improved fluid movement system.
Call of Duty: Black Ops III - Salvation,PlayStation 4,Action,74,tbd,NaN,Treyarch,Salvation features Revelations, the finale of the Origins Zombies saga.  In Revelations, this final chapter of the Zombies experience, Richtofen, Dempsey, Takeo, and Nikolai – having traveled through space and time – finally discover the identity of the mysterious Doctor Monty in The House.  As the heroes face-off against an ancient evil, they must hold the zombie horde back in the ultimate battle between human and undead. [Activision]
Call of Duty: Black Ops III - The Giant,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Treyarch,NaN
Call of Duty: Ghosts,PlayStation 4,Action,78,3.6,M,Infinity Ward,This new chapter in the Call of Duty franchise features a unique dynamic in which players are on the side of a crippled nation fighting not for freedom, or liberty, but simply for survival. 10 years after a devastating mass event, the nation's borders and the balance of global power have been permanently redrawn. As what's left of the nation's Special Operations forces, a surreptitious group known only as "Ghosts" leads the fight back against a newly emerged, technologically-superior global power. There are over 20 NEW Kill Streaks in Call of Duty: Ghosts — such as Juggernaut Maniac, Helo-Scout, Vulture and the ODIN Strike. You can even bring in Riley, from the single-player campaign, as your guard dog to warn you when enemies approach, and to attack enemies if they get too close to your person.
Call of Duty: Ghosts - Devastation,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,5.1,M,Infinity Ward,Prepare for Devastation, the second DLC Pack for Call of Duty: Ghosts, featuring four unique multiplayer maps, an all-new tactical 2-in-1 Sub Machine Gun and Assault Rifle, and Episode 2: Mayday - the second
Call of Duty: Ghosts - Gold Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,3.9,M,Infinity Ward,Call of Duty: Ghosts Gold Edition, includes the full game download for Call of Duty: Ghosts as well as Onslaught, the first DLC pack for Ghosts. Onslaught features four new multiplayer maps, The Maverick, an all new dual-purpose Assault Rifle/Sniper Rifle and Extinction Episode 1: Nightfall, the first of a four part episodic series. As an added bonus, you also get The Wolf, a character skin that transforms your multiplayer Guard Dog killstreak into a Wolf.
Call of Duty: Ghosts - Invasion,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,4.6,M,Infinity Ward,Invasion, is the third DLC Pack for Call of Duty: Ghosts, featuring four multiplayer maps and
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,M,Infinity Ward,Infinite Warfare is the first game in the franchise to venture beyond the reaches of Earth, framing a plausible future war in our solar system.  Infinite Warfare also introduces an original cooperative Zombies mode that takes players on a wild ride through a new storyline with unique gameplay features and mechanics. [Infinity Ward]
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare - Legacy Pro Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,M,Infinity Ward,NaN
Calvino Noir,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,44,6.5,T,Calvino Noir Ltd.,The film noir stealth game. Calvino Noir is the exploratory, sneaking adventure through the 1930s European criminal underworld. Architecture meets Noir as you become unwillingly entangled in a revolutionist plot. Inspired by the futuristic dystopian visions of Deus Ex and Blade Runner.
Candlelight,PlayStation 4,Action,69,tbd,E,Pixel Maverick Games,A world cast into darkness... but there is hope. A lone candle must journey through a dangerous land to bring light back to the world. After a mysterious entity extinguishes all the candles in the land, a lone surviving candle sets out on a most important adventure to bring light back to the land.    Get ready for an adventure that takes the lone candle through many unique and dangerous lands.   Visit lost tropical islands, desolate deserts, lava filled volcanoes, vast oceans, dark forests, puzzling castles, and more.  Jump, shoot, push, and burn your way through. [Playstation.com]
Cannon Brawl,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Turtle Sandbox LLC,Cannon Brawl is a 2D action strategy game with big explosions and destructible terrain. Command the action from your airship to build cannons, capture mines, expand your territory and more. Choose from a multitude of buildings, cannons and towers to assemble a force that will rain destruction from the sky and defeat your enemy! Advance your military campaign across the map in single player mode, or duke it out in multiplayer mode.
Capsule Force,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,5.8,T,klobit,Battle head-to-head for control of the galaxies in this frantic multiplayer action game straight out of a 1980s space anime! Blast shots, dodge energy beams, and deflect projectiles as you race your tram into the opposing team's base! Grab the capsule to capture the galaxy, but dont let the enemy team do the same!
Carmageddon: Max Damage,PlayStation 4,Racing,51,5.5,M,Stainless Games,Create carnage in a wide range of large open world environments and smaller battle arenas, with plenty of fun stuff to smash into, smash up, snap off and sling around. Explore city streets and country trails, arid deserts and icy wastelands all packed with juicy meatbags for your killing pleasure.
Carnival Games VR,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cat Daddy Games,Carnival Games VR allows players to explore the park, interact with patrons and play up to 12 different games. Whether it’s scaling a castle in Climbing Wall or rolling for a high score in Alley Ball – everyone will find a favorite. In each of these games, players have the opportunity to collect tickets for fun virtual prizes when they enter one of four different Carnival Alleys. All prizes are held in the Play Room where they can be used to unlock unique achievements. In addition, players will have the opportunity to challenge their friends and see if they can earn the top spot on the online leaderboard.
Cartoon Network: Battle Crashers,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,E10+,Magic Pockets,NaN
Casey Powell Lacrosse 16,PlayStation 4,Sports,69,8.0,E,Crosse Studios,Casey Powell Lacrosse 16 is a console lacrosse simulation with authentic gameplay, multi-year dynasty mode, competitive online multiplayer, real-time RPG leveling, and in-depth character customization.
Cast of the Seven Godsends: Redux,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Raven Travel Studios,Cast of the Seven Godsends — Redux harkens back to the days when classic 2D run ‘n’ gun shooters ruled the arcades. Four levels of difficulty, six worlds to conquer, twelve mid and end-of-level bosses, seven god-like armour sets, five basic weapons, and 35 magic combat spells!
Castle Invasion: Throne Out,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Cat Trap Studios,Having recently bought his very own castle, our nameless hero has barely settled in before the king appears and demands it for himelf. The king is not a nice chap. He’s lazy, greedy and takes anything he wants. Our hero is not about to give up his new castle that easily. After grabbing the first thing to hand, a battered bow, he mounts the castle wall and settles in for some crown duels.
Castles,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Whootgames,Castles recounts the story of the ambitious King Harold, whose greatest achievement becomes the tower you are constructing. As the tower becomes taller and taller, more and more challenges arise along with it. Featuring 3 different modes and more than 50 levels of randomized gameplay in story mode, you shouldn't play the same game twice.
CastleStorm: Definitive Edition,PlayStation 4,Strategy,74,6.1,T,Zen Studios,CastleStorm features medieval ballista weaponry, allowing players to launch an assortment of explosive weapons including Morningstars, Apple Grenades, Homing Eagles, and even flying sheep to defeat an onslaught of enemies trying to capture your flag and destroy your castle. Deploy a fearsome ground attack of swordsmen, knights, and donkey riders in order to protect your castle games, and if all else fails, call upon powerful spells to help keep the enemy at bay.
Catlateral Damage,PlayStation 4,Action,57,4.8,E,Manekoware,Catlateral Damage is a first-person destructive cat simulator where you play as a cat on a rampage, knocking as much stuff onto the ground as possible.
Cel Damage HD,PlayStation 4,Simulation,58,6.1,T,Finish Line Games,PART DEMOLITION DERBY, PART WHACKED-OUT CARTOON COME TO LIFE.
Chambara,PlayStation 4,Action,71,tbd,E10+,team ok,A flash of color. Feathers bursting from nowhere. Chambara’s color-based stealth mechanic allows you to blend completely into parts of the environment. Hide in plain sight. Leap, sneak, and dash with speed and style. Strike hard and then fade away before your position is revealed. [Playstation.com]
Chariot,PlayStation 4,Action,76,7.1,E,Frima Studio,Chariot is a humoristic physics-based couch co-op platformer in which a brave princess and her suitor carry a funeral wagon through ancient caves,  fending-off swarms of looters while amassing riches, to bury the King's remains in a worthy gold-filled tomb. 
Child of Light,PlayStation 4,Action,82,8.0,E10+,Ubisoft Montreal,Child of Light is a digital download, 2D side-scrolling role-playing game inspired by the art style of Studio Ghibli.
Chivalry: Medieval Warfare,PlayStation 4,Action,58,5.4,M,Torn Banner Studios, Hardsuit Labs,CHIVALRY: Medieval Warfare is a first-person medieval combat game that seeks to deliver the intensity of epic hollywood medieval block busters to the hands of a gamer. CHIVALRY hurls the player into a fictional yet realistic medieval world where the Agathian Knights are battling against the newly formed Mason Order for control of the lands of Agatha.
Chronicles of Teddy: Harmony of Exidus,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,79,8.3,E,Aksys Games, LookAtMyGame,Action adventure RPG elements fuse together with lavish visuals to create a nostalgic world. Navigate your way through hordes of nefarious monsters and massive boss battles in retro pixelated 2D glory. Solve puzzles, converse with locals and gain skills to restore hope to the once peaceful Exidus. 
Citizens of Earth,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,70,7.1,E10+,Eden Industries,In Citizens of Earth, you head home after a too-long election, hoping for a respite. On the contrary, you are accosted with a myriad of oddities. You immediately (following your cup 'o joe) embark on a mission to travel the land, battle mutants, gain allies, overthrow a puppet government, snorkel for buried treasure, and, with the luxury of time, grab a well-deserved refill on your coffee.
Claire: Extended Cut,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Hailstorm Games Inc,Extended Cut goes a little deeper into Claire’s history, bringing up more questions and more answers.
ClusterTruck,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,tinyBuild,ClusterTruck is a chaotic physics based truckformer. Jump your way through insane levels in a game of "the floor is lava" on top of speeding trucks driven by terrible drivers. The game only gets harder when dangers such as swinging hammers, lasers and flamethrowers are added.
Coffin Dodgers,PlayStation 4,Racing,36,4.1,T,Milky Tea Studios,Welcome to a suburban retirement village where all is not as it seems…
Color Guardians,PlayStation 4,Action,62,6.2,E,Fair Play Labs,Despite its colorful veneer, Color Guardians is a challenging platformer that requires skill, dexterity, and good memory. Easy to learn and quite impossible to master, the game challenges players to quickly negotiate an onslaught of obstacles while shifting between different guardians. It's multi-tasking madness. [Fair Play Labs]
Color Zen,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Large Animal Games,Color Zen is a new kind of puzzle game. One that invites you to put on your headphones, relax, and find your way through an abstract world of colors and shapes.#1 Family Game in the US, #2 Puzzle Game in the US, #9 Overall Game for iPadPraise for Color Zen:“...a relaxing puzzle game that you will want to immerse yourself in with a pair of headphones and a comfy chair.” AppAdvice“Its simple color-bursting mechanic provides an almost tactile response as you collide shapes, and its gorgeous mosaic layouts are cause to stop and savor each stage before proceeding to a solution...” Gamezebo“Color Zen is soothing, addictive, and simple. What more could you ask for in a puzzle game?” AppsLooking--------------------In Color Zen there is no score. No penalties for failure. Just a simple set of rules, intuitive controls, and satisfying puzzles. Get into the flow with Color Zen. This game has been a labor of love for the team at Large Animal Games and is designed to be color blind-friendly. Please try Color Zen, share it with your friends and loved ones, and send us some feedback: colorzen@largeanimal.com Thanks! Team Large Animal P.S. Color Zen features audio by our friend Steve Woodzell. For more of Steve check out: http://www.stevewoodzell.com/--------------------Hey Color Zen Fans! Have problems solving a level? Questions about the newest update? Something look off to you? Check out our FAQ page here for possible answers or to let us know about it: http://colorzen.vanillaforums.com/
Commander Cherry's Puzzled Journey,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,53,tbd,E,Grande Games,Experience the world’s one and only Yoga-Action-Platformer. Commander Cherry’s Puzzled Journey is a hybrid-motion control game. This means you play the game using a camera and a gamepad simultaneously. 
Contrast,PlayStation 4,Action,59,6.4,T,Compulsion Games,Contrast is a 2D/3D puzzle platformer in which you can shift between the striking 3D fantasy world and the mysterious 2D shadowscape.
Corridor Z,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Mass Creation,The action of Corridor Z takes place in an ordinary high school, where survivors have barricaded themselves in a classroom after the school has been quarantined by the military to prevent an undead outbreak from spreading. Through playing the game across two professionally-voiced parallel story lines, you will uncover the story behind the undead horror.
Cosmophony,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Bento,Cosmophony is a musical shooter designed for demanding gamers seeking an original and intense gaming experience.
Costume Quest 2,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,74,6.9,E10+,Double Fine Productions,Become a candy obsessed crusader in the sweet sequel to Double Fine's original smash hit!
CounterSpy,PlayStation 4,Action,67,6.7,T,Dynamighty,Synthesizing the spy mythology and unique aesthetics of the 50's and 60's and set during the Cold War, CounterSpy highlights the rogue third spy agency, C.O.U.N.T.E.R., which keeps the globe's superpowers at bay. As each side of the ongoing conflict nears the unleashing of a blow of earthshaking proportions, C.O.U.N.T.E.R. takes action, furtively subverting their plans and maintaining world peace with subterfuge.
Crazy Strike Bowling EX,PlayStation 4,Sports,48,tbd,E10+,Corecell Technology,Join up with Aiden, Mr. Jenkins and a host of other characters in Crazy Strike Bowling EX, a wacky bowling game fit for the whole family. Get a strike in new and distant bowling lands from the exotic forests of the Amazon to the pyramids of Egypt, battle your friends in exhibition or battle mode, or dodge obstacles in challenge mode. Go crazy and use your character’s special move to knock those bowling pins into oblivion while unlocking secret worlds and costumes. [Playstation.com]
Crimsonland,PlayStation 4,Action,64,6.0,T,10tons Entertainment,Thousands of aliens, giant spiders, mutant lizards, and more are on the attack - can you survive the onslaught? Crimsonland is a top-down shooter with a touch of RPG. Unlock over 30 weapons and over 50 perks from quirky to brutal. Complete the quest and show your skills in five survival modes.
Croixleur Sigma,PlayStation 4,Action,71,6.3,E10+,souvenir circ., Active Gaming Media Inc.,Croixleur is 60 FPS of high-speed, hack-and-slash arcade action by one of Japan's premier indie developers, souvenir circ. In gameplay reminiscent of Devil May Cry's Bloody Palace mode, our protagonists, Lucrezia Visconti and Francesca Storaro, must battle their way through floors of oncoming monsters in a ritual called 'the Adjuvant Trial'. The fate of the nation is at stake as these two girls set aside their childhood friendship and undergo a trial in which there can be only one victor.
Crypt of the NecroDancer,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,85,6.6,T,Brace Yourself Games,Crypt of the NecroDancer is a hardcore rhythm-based roguelike game. Can you survive this deadly dungeon of dance, slay the NecroDancer, and recapture your still beating heart? Or will you be a slave to the rhythm for all eternity? Players must move on the beat to navigate procedurally generated dungeons while battling dancing skeletons, zombies, dragons, and more! Groove with the game's epic dance soundtrack, or select songs from your own MP3 collection! You can even play with a dance pad to really shake your bones!
Cubikolor,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Moving Player,Engulf yourself in the world of Cubikolor. Armed only with your logic and your Kube, move through the 150 levels outwitting the traps in the System, an evil, scheming entity, to confront the machine and pass the test. Will you achieve the highest score?
Curses 'N Chaos,PlayStation 4,Action,70,8.4,E10+,Tribute Games, Tribute Games Inc.,When brawny bounty hunters Leo and Lea are cursed by Algarr the Wizard King, they’re mobbed by all sorts of creatures and monsters. Alchemist Allison knows a sure-fire way to get rid of the curse: The Elixir of Life. But the only way to get the Elixir’s ingredients? Smash 'dem monsters.
D/Generation HD,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E10+,West Coast Software,In the near future, a company called Genoq has developed a range of bioweapons that have escaped into the companys headquarters. 
Danganronpa 1-2 Reload,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Spike Chunsoft,NaN
Dangerous Golf,PlayStation 4,Sports,56,5.1,E,Three Fields Entertainment,In Dangerous Golf, you’re not striving for Par or aiming for a Birdie — you’re playing for points awarded for causing damage. It’s about smashing the place up and then banging the ball into the hole by pulling off an outrageous trick shot. Break enough stuff and you can power up the ball, turn it into a fireball, and steer it around for a limited time to try and smash more stuff. [Playstation.com]
Dariusburst: Chronicle Saviours,PlayStation 4,Action,80,8.0,E,Pyramid,Game Features:
Dark Cloud,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.7,T,Level 5,An ancient evil has been unleashed.  This Dark Cloud rains destruction on what was once a peaceful and benevolent continent, bringing it to its knees in one fell swoop.  Journey on a quest through time to unravel the mysterious tale of the Dark Cloud.  Set in a vivid and inviting world, Dark Cloud delivers imaginative, vibrant, and detailed gameplay complemented by a strong character-driven storyline.  A new feature, Georama, challenges you to build a customized world then interact with it in real time.  As you build the world, life begins to flourish and unveils clues and pieces of the storyline as you progress through the adventure.
Dark Cloud 2,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.2,T,Level 5,Experience an epic action/RPG adventure that relies on your innovation as much as exploration and fighting reflexes.  In Dark Cloud 2, the sequel to Dark Cloud, you must fight your way through an array of unexplored lands, rebuild worlds with the enhanced Georama and tinker with the new Invention system to completely customize your adventure.  Battle through monster-ridden dungeons with two different characters, each with multiple attack forms, special abilities and upgradeable weaponry.  Rebuild the present world as well as the future.
Dark Souls II: Scholar of the First Sin,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,87,7.9,T,From Software,Dark Souls II: Scholar of the First Sin includes the 3 previously released DLC packs  - Crown of the Sunken King, Crown of the Old Iron King, and Crown of the ivory King - along with additional features. All versions of the game include the following features (Existing Dark Souls II owners will receive a patch to implement these elements): Additional NPCs added for an enhanced story experience. Parameter adjustments for improved game balance. Augmented item descriptions. Improved online matchmaking functionality. [Bandai Namco]
Dark Souls III,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,89,8.7,M,From Software,Developed by Japanese developer FromSoftware, DARK SOULS III is the latest chapter in the DARK SOULS series with its trademark sword and sorcery combat and rewarding action RPG gameplay. Players travel across a wide variety of locations in an interconnected world of unrelenting challenge and deep RPG gameplay as they search for a way to survive the coming apocalypse.
Dark Souls III: Ashes of Ariandel,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,74,6.9,M,From Software,Journey to the snowy world of Ariandel and encounter new areas, bosses, enemies, weapons, armor set, magic spells and more. Will you accept the challenge and embrace the darkness once more? 
Darkest Dungeon,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,84,8.1,T,Red Hook Studios,Darkest Dungeon is a gothic roguelike RPG dungeon crawler about the psychological stresses of adventuring. You will lead a band of four heroes on a perilous side-scrolling descent, dealing with a prodigious number of threats to their bodily health, and worse, a relentless assault on their mental fortitude! Five hundred feet below the earth you will not only fight unimaginable foes, but famine, disease, and the stress of the ever-encroaching dark. Darkest Dungeon focuses on the humanity and psychological vulnerability of the heroes and asks: What emotional toll does a life of adventure take?
Darksiders II: Deathinitive Edition,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,72,7.1,M,Gunfire Games,Darksiders II follows the actions of Death, one of the four horsemen of the Apocalypse, in a tale that runs parallel to the events in the original Darksiders game. This journey propels Death across an expansive game world as he tries to redeem his brother, War, the horseman blamed for prematurely starting the Apocalypse in Darksiders. 
Darksiders: Warmastered Edition,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,M,Nordic Games Publishing,NaN
Day of the Tentacle Remastered,PlayStation 4,Adventure,84,7.2,T,Double Fine Productions,Originally released by LucasArts in 1993 as a sequel to Ron Gilbert’s Maniac Mansion, Day of the Tentacle is a mind-bending, time travel, cartoon puzzle adventure game in which three unlikely friends work together to prevent an evil mutated purple tentacle from taking over the world. Over 20 years later, Day of the Tentacle is back in a remastered edition that features all new hand-drawn, high resolution artwork, with remastered audio, music and sound effects. Players can switch back and forth between classic and remastered modes, and mix and match audio, graphics and user interface to their heart’s desire. We’ve also included a concept art browser, and recorded a commentary track with the game’s original creators. [Playstation.com]
Daydreamer: Awakened Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,68,tbd,T,Roland Studios,Daydreamer: Awakened Edition tells the story of the last human who wakes from an eternal sleep to an unfamiliar Earth. Aliens invaded the planet thousands of years ago, and the nameless protagonist was kept in a stasis chamber as a twisted relic to memorialize their victory. However, the mysterious Immortal Gate Keeper liberates her and sets her on a dangerous expedition to the Earth’s core. Be warned though—the aliens will do whatever it takes to get their trophy back, and the Earth is filled with frightening creatures that hunger for human flesh.
Daylight,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,48,4.7,M,Zombie Studios,Explore the ever-changing world of this procedurally generated horror game. Waking up in an abandoned hospital with only your mobile phone for illumination, you explore the institution's dark criminal past as you attempt to escape. In Daylight no two experiences are the same, and it is best played alone in the dark. Daylight introduces you to a procedurally generated world that will change each and every time you play. Each time you begin a new game, you experience a new world with new content and encounters; from the layout of the building and the things you seek to the events you encounter, it is never the same experience twice.
DC Universe Online,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,75,6.5,T,WBIE,In DC Universe Online, players will be thrust headlong into an action-packed online world based on the heroes, villains and landmarks of the DC Universe. In the game, players step into the role of the next legendary superhero or villain and are given the choice to save or conquer the universe online. Along the way, players will be fighting alongside or against iconic DC characters as well as other players for the fate of the DC Universe. 
DC Universe Online: War of the Light Part I,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,5.9,T,WBIE,Buy War of the Light: Part I to unlock a new Power, amazing new high-level group adventures, and more! Heroes and Villains can both harness the red light of Rage, DCUOs 12th Power, dealing massive damage or unleashing new tanking mechanics. Battle through new settings in new 4-player and 8-player Operations, and fight in Legends PvP with new characters Atrocitus and Saint Walker. Also includes new gear, feats and collections.
Dead Island: Definitive Collection,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,63,6.4,M,Techland,(Also known as "Dead Island: Definite Edition") Definitive Collection contains Dead Island Definitive Edition, Dead Island: Riptide Definitive Edition and a brand new stand-alone 16-bit game Dead Island Retro Revenge. Dead Island Definitive Edition and Dead Island: Riptide Definitive Edition are fully remastered versions of Dead Island and Dead Island Riptide including all released DLC and patches. Dead Island Retro Revenge: A brand new stand-alone 16-bit game set in the style of a classic side-scrolling action/endless runner within the Dead Island universe. Smash heads, crack skulls and slice em up with visceral melee combat and true story-based 4-player co-op in a sprawling open world just waiting for exploration. Enhance and develop your unique character using RPG-like elements including an XP/leveling system and unlockable skill trees. Collect and customize thousands of weapons ranging from simple wooden bats and fire axes to heavy rifles as you search for the makings of the ultimate zombie-slaying tool.
Dead Island: Retro Revenge,PlayStation 4,Action,65,6.5,M,Techland, Empty Clip Studios,Get ready for some 16-bit retro revenge. When his beloved cat gets kidnapped, Max sets out across a zombie-infested California to get him back by force.
Dead Island: Riptide - Definitive Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.2,M,Techland,NaN
Dead Nation: Apocalypse Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,74,7.0,M,Housemarque,Groan your way through the zombie apocalypse as hit arcade shooter Dead Nation shuffles onto PS4. Fight for your life alone or with a friend as Jack McReady or Scarlett Blake as you step onto the streets of a city overrunwith undead flesh-eaters. And, if you’re feeling really brave, take a walk down the Road of Devastation – a deadly experiment that pushes your survival skills to the absolute limit as you face hordes of zombies with no extra lives and no second chances. [Playstation.com]
Dead or Alive 5: Last Round,PlayStation 4,Action,74,7.1,M,Team Ninja,2 new playable characters join the fray to make 34 fighters - the largest roster in franchise history. Master the signature DOA fighting system through the textured story and tutorial modes, unlock more costumes than ever before in each of the offline training modes, and compete with the best fighters in the world in the online training modes. Fight as ninjas, assassins, roughnecks & wrestlers as you knock your opponents off an exotic waterfall, into an exploding oil rig and more.
Dead or Alive Xtreme 3: Fortune,PlayStation 4,Sports,43,7.7,NaN,Team Ninja,(Available in Japan and Asian territories only) The nine playable characters in the game were selected based on the total PlayStation Store purchases of dashboard themes from Dead or Alive 5 Last Round between August 20 and September 7, 2015.
Dead Rising,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,84,7.1,M,Capcom,Frank West is a freelance photojournalist on the hunt for the scoop of a lifetime. He travels to a small suburban town in pursuit of a hot lead, only to find that it's been overrun with zombies. What a way to start an assignment. Frank heads for the local shopping mall, assuming that he'll be safe there, but the zombies have taken over the place. Now it's up to you to help Frank survive this onslaught of the undead, using everything you can find in the mall to help fight off the bloodthirsty mob and search for the truth behind this horrendous epidemic.
Dead Rising 2,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,82,7.2,M,Blue Castle Games,Dead Rising 2 is set several years after the infamous zombie invasion of Willamette. Unfortunately, the zombie virus was not contained at the conclusion of Dead Rising, spreading unchecked throughout the United States and Dead Rising 2 depicts a country where zombie outbreaks continue to strike.
Dead Rising 2: Off the Record,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Capcom Vancouver,Dead Rising 2: Off the Record, sees photojournalist and original hero of Dead Rising's Willamette incident, Frank West take center stage as players experience a reimagining of the Fortune City outbreak. Forget what you know about Dead Rising 2,"Frank West is back in the game!" The new, "Off the Record" storyline means an all new Dead Rising 2 experience. Frank will face off against more twisted enemies, build more outrageous combo weapons, follow his own unique mission structure and explore brand new areas of Fortune City to get his biggest scoop yet. Frank's come back means the return of his trusty camera, with players able to earn Prestige Points (PP) for specific photo opportunities that are graded against criteria such as horror, drama, erotica and brutality. In addition to the new scenario and gameplay enhancements, Dead Rising 2: Off the Record offers a suite of technical updates including load time optimizations, improved network performance and a host of system upgrades to deliver a more satisfying Dead Rising experience.
Dead Rising Triple Pack,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,71,tbd,NaN,Capcom,In celebration of Dead Rising’s 10th Anniversary, Capcom has brought Dead Rising, Dead Rising 2, and Dead Rising 2: Off the Record to a new generation of zombie slayers.
Dead Star,PlayStation 4,Action,70,6.1,E,Armature Studio,TEAM-BASED SPACE COMBAT - Select from a variety of unique ships as you engage in intense 10v10 dogfights, capture outposts to expand your presence, gather resources to upgrade your defenses, and discover secrets buried within galactic battlegrounds. LEVEL UP AND LOOT - Explore the unique skill trees of each ship to customize your gameplay, then equip loot to gain additional perks and fresh new looks for your fleet. Use Free Play to practice your load outs and strategies before taking them online- COMMAND A MASSIVE WARSHIP AND INVADE LIVE MATCHES - With the Dead Star about to explode and eradicate everything within an entire region, those within its range are left to fend for themselves amidst the debris of quickly-abandoned strongholds. Somewhere within this wasteland lies an abandoned warship, capable of escaping the Dead Star once and for all. [Playstation.com]
Dead Synchronicity: Tomorrow Comes Today,PlayStation 4,Adventure,76,tbd,M,Fictiorama Studios,The story of Michael, a man who must recover his identity and decode the two events that brought the world to the edge of collapse. The first one is the so-called “Great Wave,” an inexplicable chain of natural disasters. The second is a pandemic that turned humans into “the Dissolved,” infected beings that eventually dissolve into blood.
Deadlight: Director's Cut,PlayStation 4,Action,70,7.1,M,Tequila Works,Set in an apocalyptic 1986, you play Randall Wayne, a lone survivor searching for his loved ones in the ruins of Seattle. Through tense platforming and deadly encounters with the undead, known as ‘shadows’, you’ll either fight using scarce resources, or navigate the environment to run and hide from them.
Deadpool,PlayStation 4,Action,60,5.7,M,High Moon Studios,Some of you may know me as the Merc with the Mouth. And it's time to get mouthy. Prepare to get Deadpooled. Couple things I'd like to get off my chest: I'm a mercenary for hire with an accelerated healing factor. I like to run my mouth. Some say I'm unstable but I'm very stable. (What about that time we beat the dude with his own arms?) (That doesn't count) And if you want to know what gets me going in the mornings, it's chimichangas! (Mmmmm Chimichangas) WHOA, I feel better now. All right. I'm gonna battle for the safety of humans (and bewbs!) and mutants. (and bewbs!) That's right, $#*! just got real!
Dear Esther: Landmark Edition,PlayStation 4,Adventure,68,6.9,T,The Chinese Room,Dear Esther is a first-person ghost story. Rather than traditional game-play the focus here is on exploration, uncovering the mystery of a lonely island, of who you are and why you are here. Fragments of story are randomly uncovered when exploring the various locations of the island, making every each journey a unique experience.
Deception IV: The Nightmare Princess,PlayStation 4,Strategy,69,7.0,M,Koei Tecmo Games,Deception 4: The Nightmare Princess is the successor to Deception IV: Blood Ties, which revolved around Laegrinna, a deceitful fragment of the Devil’s soul who chose between Sadistic Torment, Elaborate Death, or Humiliating Demise to defeat her foes through trickery. In this new installment, players not only relive Laegrinna’s entire pursuit to free her father, the Devil, from his eternal prison, but they also get introduced to an entirely new, wickedly sadistic, and infernally mischievous character: Velguirie.
Deponia,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Daedalic Entertainment,Deponia is a fast-paced comedy of errors and one of the most unusual love stories in gaming history. The twist-filled story takes its off-beat characters all over trash planet Deponia, a unique game world in the style of Douglas Adams, Terry Pratchett and Matt Groening. From Kuvaq, an improvised village built inside a giant trash heap, to the swimming black market and the dark corners of the elevated planetary railways: Deponia is brought to life with detailed hand-painted backgrounds in widescreen format and top-quality cartoon animation
Destiny,PlayStation 4,Action,76,6.1,T,Bungie Software, Bungie,In Destiny (from the creators of Halo) you are a Guardian of the last city on Earth. You are able to wield incredible power. Explore the ancient ruins of our solar system, from the vast dunes of Mars to the lush jungles of Venus. Defeat Earth’s enemies. Reclaim all that we have lost. Become legend. Embark on an epic action adventure with rich cinematic storytelling where you unravel the mysteries of our universe and reclaim what we lost at the fall of our Golden Age. The next evolution of the first-person action genre that promises to provide an unprecedented combination of storytelling, cooperative, competitive, and public gameplay, and personal activities that are all woven into an expansive, persistent online world. Venture out alone or join up with friends. The choice is yours. Personalize and upgrade every aspect of how you look and fight with a nearly limitless combination of armor, weapons, and visual customizations. Take your upgraded character into every mode, including campaign, cooperative, social, public, and competitive multiplayer.
Destiny: House of Wolves,PlayStation 4,Action,72,4.1,T,Bungie,Expand your Destiny adventure with a myriad of weapons, armor, and gear to earn in new story missions, 3 new competitive multiplayer maps, and a new cooperative Strike. Expansion II introduces a new competitive elimination mode in the Crucible and an all-new arena activity – The Prison of Elders. The Reef is open. Join the Awoken and hunt down the Fallen rising against us.
Destiny: Rise of Iron,PlayStation 4,Action,71,4.7,NaN,Bungie,Destiny: Rise of Iron is the next expansion to the Destiny universe. It features an all new cinematic story campaign set within The Plaguelands, a brand new location on Earth. Under the command of Lord Saladin you will face a new faction of Fallen Devils, the Splicers, while unravelling the mystery of the Iron Lords. Rise of Iron features new weapons, armor, and gear, as well as a new cooperative three-player Strike, a new mode and maps for the Crucible competitive multiplayer, and an all new six-player cooperative Raid. [Activision]
Destiny: The Collection,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,7.6,T,Bungie,Destiny - The Collection contains every release from the first-person shooter franchise to date. It's a way for Guardians to embark on journeys they may have missed, as well as a starting point for new players who want to join the Destiny community. It includes: Destiny, Expansion I: The Dark Below, Expansion II: House of Wolves, The Taken King, and the newest adventure, Rise of Iron. It also includes a character boost to send you immediately into the battle.
Destiny: The Dark Below,PlayStation 4,Sci-Fi,63,3.0,T,Bungie,Augment the Destiny experience with a myraid of weapons, armor, and gear earned in new story quests and missions, 3 new competitive multiplayer arenas, and a new Strike and Raid. Under the surface of the Moon, a long-ago forgotten enemy awakens. Survive the true depths of the Hellmouth, and stop its dark army from invading Earth.
Destiny: The Taken King,PlayStation 4,Action,86,6.0,T,Bungie,To battle the Darkness and the Taken army, players get brand new subclasses with new supers. Warlocks now harness the power of an electric storm, Hunters carve a bow formed from gravitational void energy, and Titans summon a flaming hammer that can sear their adversaries from a range or deliver a devastating melee impact.
Destiny: The Taken King - Legendary Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,4.3,T,Bungie,To battle the Darkness and the Taken army, players get brand new subclasses with new supers. Warlocks now harness the power of an electric storm, Hunters carve a bow formed from gravitational void energy, and Titans summon a flaming hammer that can sear their adversaries from a range or deliver a devastating melee impact.
Deus Ex: Mankind Divided,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,84,7.7,M,Eidos Montreal,The action of Deus Ex: Mankind Divided takes place in 2029, a couple of years after the events of Human Revolution and the infamous ‘Aug Incident’ in Panchaea that resulted in the deaths of millions at the hands of those who had installed augmentations. This event has caused a massive divide between those who have augmentations and those who don't. Amidst this emotional turmoil are various factions aiming to manipulate the public by twisting public opinion of augmentation to advance their own agenda and hide the truth of what really occurred.
Deus Ex: Mankind Divided - System Rift,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,75,tbd,NaN,Eidos Montreal,In Deus Ex: Mankind Divided – System Rift, you will re-unite with Frank Pritchard, Adam’s friend and former colleague at Sarif Industries, and assist him in hunting down information on the mysterious Santeau Group. Desperate to get more information, Pritchard targets one of the most secure data banks ever created – the Palisade Blade. In agreeing to help, Adam may also be able to uncover hints as to who the illuminati really are.
Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition,PlayStation 4,Fantasy,75,8.1,M,Capcom,Devil May Cry 4 throws you into a gothic supernatural world, where a new protagonist clashes with a familiar hero. As the new leading man, Nero, you unleash incredible attacks and non-stop combos using a new gameplay mechanic, his powerful "Devil Bringer" arm. On the coast of a distant land you'll find the castle town of Fortuna. It is here that the group known as the Order of the Sword practices an elusive religion. They revere the demon warrior Sparda, who as their god fought to protect humans, and are committed to the extermination of all demons. Nero, a young knight from the Order, is tasked with finding Dante, the mysterious assassin who murdered the head of the Order of the Sword. Simultaneously, more demons begin to surface throughout the city. Nero soon comes to discover the motives behind Dante's appearance and the truth behind the intentions of the Order of the Sword. 
Dex (Enhanced Version),PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,67,7.5,M,Dreadlocks Ltd, Dreadlocks,Discover the truth behind an enigmatic AI striving to reach the Singularity, a theoretical “event horizon” in which artificial intelligence will surpass human intelligence and all bets about the future will be off. How will you play your part in the story?  Explore the futuristic city of Harbor Prime and meet its many inhabitants, answer the challenges the city has to offer, roam the neon-lit streets, and augment your character with skills and implants.
DG2: Defense Grid 2,PlayStation 4,Strategy,77,7.1,E10+,Hidden Path Entertainment,Defense Grid 2, DG2, is the highly-anticipated sequel to Hidden Path Entertainments 2008 Defense Grid: The Awakening. Setting the bar as the definitive tower defense game, Defense Grid 2 introduces new worlds and threats to test your tower placement strategies. With a bold new look, a compelling single-player campaign, and the addition of new game modes, online player-versus-player and multiplayer co-op, every play-through brings fun new opportunities and challenges. DG2 comes with a story campaign featuring 21 stunning maps, dynamic level movement, an expanded story and cast of characters, hundreds of challenge mode experiences, new multiplayer modes, a procedurally driven audio score and the ability for players to build their own levels. DG2 also introduces players to DG Architect, a level creation tool set connected to Steam Workshop where players can create their own unique levels to share and possibly even sell if selected. DG2 for the PC was funded in part by Dracogen, a private investor after a 2012 Kickstarter campaign funded the original game's DLC, Defense Grid: Containment. DG2 is developed by Hidden Path Entertainment and published by 505 Games.
Diablo III: Ultimate Evil Edition,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,90,8.0,M,Blizzard Entertainment,PlayStation 4 players can now experience the full adventure of Blizzard’s epic action RPG, Diablo III, and the upcoming expansion, Reaper of Souls all from the comfort of their couch in Diablo III: Ultimate Evil Edition! Take on the role of one of six powerful character class Barbarian, Demon Hunter, Monk, Witch Doctor, Wizard, or the all-new Crusader and embark on a dark journey through Acts I-V to save the world of Sanctuary from ancient and sinister forces. With the new DUALSHOCK 4 wireless controller and a custom-designed console interface, players will be outfitted with touch pad functionality and new social features as they engage in pulse-pounding combat with hordes of monsters and acquire items of incredible power.
Digimon Story Cyber Sleuth,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,75,8.5,T,Media Vision,Set in the not-too-distant future, the line between the real and digital worlds is blurred. Logging into cyberspace is part of everyday life. For one teenager, a harmless on-line chat spawns a chance encounter with a mysterious hacker. Little did this teen know, this brief meeting would lead to a digi-monumental adventure. In Digimon Story Cyber Sleuth, scan, raise, and train your faithful Digimon companions to battle by your side against a group of hackers. Do you have what it takes to crack this digi-case? 
Dino Dini's Kick Off Revival,PlayStation 4,Sports,31,5.5,NaN,The Digital Lounge, Dino Dini,Three game modes: Practice, Single Game, European Cup; Online gaming: 1 vs 1 with random matchmaking, invites and leaderboards; Offline multiplayer: 1 vs 1; 24 European teams; Radar for full view of the pitch; Tactics (4-4-2, 4-2-4, 5-3-2, etc)
DiRT Rally,PlayStation 4,Racing,85,8.1,E,Codemasters,DiRT Rally features 39 of the most iconic and relevant cars from yesteryear through to modern day, representing the cars that the players want, and the ones that make the most sense for the surfaces they race on. Six rallies with over 70 stages. Head to the muddy paths of Wales, the dusty trails of Greece and the icy tarmac of Monte Carlo. Take on the legendary hillclimb of Pikes Peak, the snowy thrills of Sweden, and the epic scenery of Finland. DiRT Rally has the iconic locations to test your nerve and delight your senses. Race at the Lydden Hill, Holjes and Hell tracks in six of the fastest off-road cars and take on your friends in bumper-to-bumper multiplayer racing. 
Disgaea 5: Alliance of Vengeance,PlayStation 4,Fantasy,80,8.0,T,Nippon Ichi Software,The sixth home console entry to the Disgaea series tells a tale of revenge, and of rebellion. As a new and terrible Overlord named Void Dark seeks to enslave the countless Netherworlds, one young demon has stood to end his reign—Killia. In Disgaea 5, lead Killia and his tenacious army of rebels on their dark and dangerous path to vengeance.
Dishonored 2,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,M,Arkane Studios,Dishonored 2 takes your protagonist, Corvo Attano or Emily Kaldwin, to the coastal city of Karnaca where the choices you make will have significant impact on the world.
Dishonored: Definitive Edition,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,80,7.0,M,Arkane Studios,Dishonored, and all of its additional content - Dunwall City Trials, The Knife of Dunwall, The Brigmore Witches and Void Walker's Arsenal.
Disney Infinity 2.0 Edition,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,71,5.8,E10+,Avalanche Software,The starter pack includes: one Disney Infinity: Marvel Super Heroes 2.0 Edition Game, 3 Marvel Super Heroes Figures: Iron Man, Thor and Black Widow, one Disney Infinity Base (2.0 Edition), two Toy Box Game Discs, one Marvel's The Avengers Play Set piece, and one Web Code Card.
Disney Infinity 3.0 Edition,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,80,6.0,E10+,Avalanche Software,Twilight of the Republic is an all-new, original chapter of the Star Wars Saga, set in the Episodes I-III timeline. Get ready to use the Force and Lightsabers in epic battles as Anakin Skywalker, Ahsoka Tano, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Yoda, and Darth Maul.
Disney Infinity: Marvel Super Heroes - Guardians of the Galaxy Playset,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Avalanche Software,NaN
Disney Infinity: Marvel Super Heroes - Ultimate Spider Man Playset,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Avalanche Software,NaN
Divekick: Addition Edition +,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,5.4,T,Iron Galaxy Studios,Divekick revolves around two characters, Dive and Kick, where the action is controlled by two buttons, dive and kick.
Divinity: Original Sin Enhanced Edition,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,88,8.0,M,Larian Studios,Divinity Original Sin: Enhanced Edition is a much lauded Role-Playing-Game that blends deep customization and humor with dynamic turn based combat. Either in online co-op, split-screen co-op on your TV, or even alone, take advantage of a classless RPG system to create your heroes and conquer the evils of Rivellon!
DmC: Devil May Cry Definitive Edition,PlayStation 4,Fantasy,83,7.3,M,Ninja Theory, QLOC,The definitive edition of this action game arrives with enhanced 1080p graphics at 60fps, new features and all the original DLC included. Chain together stylish combos with up to 8 unique weapons. Traverse the demonic world of Limbo as you join Dante and Vergil in the legendary rebirth of the Devil May Cry franchise. 
Dogchild,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,71,6.2,E10+,Animatoon Studio,Dogchild tells the story of the young and enigmatic Tarpak, an impulsive and courageous dude with extraordinary abilities: a strong sensory union with nature and a special symbiosis with his inseparable dog, Tarao.
Dogos,PlayStation 4,Action,53,tbd,E10+,Pablo Testa,Dogos incorporates current technology into classic shmup design: 3D visuals, a dynamic camera, and the ability to move through scenarios like an open world. Challenge your skills and senses to the beat of a catchy soundtrack and explosive campaign. [Playstation.com]
Doki-Doki Universe,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,71,6.2,E10+,SCEA, Humanature Studios,Doki-Doki Universe is a charming interactive game that takes you on a journey to explore humanity and personal discovery.
Don Bradman Cricket,PlayStation 4,Sports,76,7.3,E,Big Ant Studios,Features a comprehensive 20 year career mode which is providing machinations of cricket off the field.
Don't Die, Mr. Robot!,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Infinite State Games,NaN
Don't Starve Together: Console Edition,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,6.7,T,Klei Entertainment,Don't Starve Together is the standalone multiplayer expansion of the uncompromising survival game Don't Starve.
Don't Starve: Console Edition,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,78,7.0,T,Klei Entertainment,Don't Starve is an uncompromising wilderness survival game full of science and magic.
Don't Starve: Reign of Giants,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,5.5,T,Klei Entertainment,Don’t Starve: Reign of Giants adds new characters, seasons, creatures, biomes, and other challenges to Don’t Starve.
Doodle Devil,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,JoyBits Ltd., JoyBits,Embrace your dark side. While Doodle God was creating the universe, Doodle Devil was also having some fun. The same addictive, puzzle gameplay that made Doodle God a hit is back but with an evil twist.
Doodle God,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,4HIT LTD, JoyBits,Blend different elements to create your own universe. Starting from a single microorganism, create animals, tools, and even armies. Unleash your inner god with Doodle God.
Doodle Kingdom,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,T,4HIT LTD,It’s time to get medieval. From the creators of the puzzle games Doodle God and Doodle Devil comes a fantasy brain-teaser where you can quest as a Dragon Breeder, Warlock and Knight. Daring adventure awaits you in this fantasy kingdom where you can breed and raise four different types of Dragons, engage in “runner style,” combat and bring your medieval fantasies to life. [Playstation.com]
DOOM,PlayStation 4,Sci-Fi,85,8.2,M,id Software,There is no taking cover or stopping to regenerate health in campaign mode as you beat back Hell’s raging demon hordes. Combine your arsenal of futuristic and iconic guns, upgrades, movement and an advanced melee system to knock-down, slash, stomp, crush, and blow apart demons in creative and violent ways. In multiplayer, dominate your opponents in DOOM’s signature, fast-paced arena-style combat. In both classic and all-new game modes, annihilate your enemies utilizing your personal blend of skill, powerful weapons, vertical movement, and unique power-ups that allow you to play as a demon. DOOM SnapMap is an easy-to-use game and level editor that allows for limitless gameplay experiences on every platform. Anyone can snap together and customize maps, add pre-defined or custom gameplay, and edit game logic to create new modes. Instantly play your creation or make it available to players around the world. [ID/Bethesda]
DOOM: Unto The Evil,PlayStation 4,Action,75,tbd,NaN,id Software,Unto the Evil is the first of three DLC Packs bringing all-new multiplayer content to DOOM. Players get three new maps to dominate, one new playable demon to unleash, a new weapon to master, a new equipment item to vary their arsenal, and a host of new armor sets, taunts, and Hack Modules to customize their experience.
Downwell,PlayStation 4,Action,80,7.9,E,Moppin,In Downwell, you descend into a deep well filled with monsters and traps, equipped with the Gunboots — a set of boots that let you shoot bullets from your feet. You’ll be using it to clear your way of enemies, or as a way to slow your descent using its recoil. On your way down you’ll find different guns, shops with helpful items, and upgrades like explosive balloons or a set of silverware to eat your foes with. The well is randomly generated, so no two trips down will ever be the same. [Playstation.com]
Dragon Age: Inquisition,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,89,7.4,M,BioWare,Choose and spearhead a team of characters into rough battles against a variety of enemies – from earth-shaking High Dragons to demonic forces from the otherworld of the Fade. Go mano y mano in visceral, heroic combat as your followers fight at your six, or switch to tactical view to coordinate lethal offensives using the combined might of your company. View the tangible results of your path through a living world – construct structures, customize outposts, and change the landscape itself as environments are re-shaped in the wake of your Inquisition. Lead a company selected from nine unique, fully-realized characters – each of whom react to your actions and choices differently, forming complex relationships both with you and with each other. Hone your own character from multiple races, customize their appearance, and select their powers and abilities as the game progresses. Extensive customization options allow you to choose everything from the color of your follower’s boots to the features of your Inquisition stronghold. Become an agent of change in a time of uncertainty and upheaval.  Shape the course of empires, bring war or peace to factions in conflict, and drive the ultimate fate of the Inquisition. Will you stop the cataclysmic anarchy gripping the Dragon Age? [Electronic Arts]
Dragon Age: Inquisition - Game of the Year Edition,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.2,NaN,Electronic Arts,The Game of the Year Edition includes the game, official add-ons - Jaws of Hakkon, The Descent, and Trespasser - and added features. 
Dragon Age: Inquisition - Jaws Of Hakkon,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.5,NaN,BioWare,Discover the fate of the last Inquisitor and the powerful dragon he hunted. Enter an overgrown wilderness filled with Avvar, fiercely independent hunters who settled in the southern mountains of Thedas. Explore their culture to uncover what happened to the last Inquisitor and the dragon he pursued. Find an ancient Tevinter fortress that hides a dangerous secret. In this new adventure, playable within the Dragon Age: Inquisition campaign, you will face powerful foes, gain legendary armor and weapons, and confront an ancient god of war bent on destroying the world. Features:
Dragon Age: Inquisition - The Descent,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,63,5.4,NaN,BioWare,In Dragon Age: Inquisition - The Descent, you will venture deep below the surface to discover the source of mysterious earthquakes threatening Thedas.
Dragon Age: Inquisition - Trespasser,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.4,NaN,BioWare,Trespasser tells an entirely new story, set 2 years after the main game. The story explores what it's like to be a world-saving organization when the world no longer needs saving.
Dragon Ball: Xenoverse,PlayStation 4,Action,69,7.7,T,Dimps Corporation,DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE brings all the frenzied battles between Goku and his fiercest rivals, such as Vegeta, Frieza, Cell and many more, with new gameplay design. Players revisit all famous battles from the series through their own custom-created Avatars, which are connected to Trunks and many other characters. With the help of Trunks, travel through time and intervene with the past to restore Dragon Ball history. DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE take the universe from series' creator Akira Toriyama by storm and breaks tradition with a new world setup, the mysterious Toki Toki City.
Dragon Ball: Xenoverse 2,PlayStation 4,Action,74,8.1,T,Dimps Corporation,DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE 2 builds upon the DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE with enhanced graphics that will further immerse players into the largest and most detailed Dragon Ball world ever developed.
Dragon Fantasy: The Black Tome of Ice,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.9,E10+,The Muteki Corporation,Dragon Fantasy: The Black Tome of Ice is best described as the director’s cut of the game previously titled Dragon Fantasy: Book II. [Muteki Corporation]
Dragon Fin Soup,PlayStation 4,General,No score yet,4.8,T,Grimm Bros.,Dragon Fin Soup is a classic RPG served up with juicy chunks of action, spicy Roguelike flavors and a side of twisted fairy tales!  Featuring epic tales of betrayal, murder, and dark mysteries, Dragon Fin Soup aims to satisfy your cravings.
Dragon Quest Builders,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,83,8.2,E10+,Square Enix,Dragon Quest Builders returns to Alefgard—a land laid low by the evil Dragonlord. It is your mission to rebuild, restore and revive the ruined realm. Rebuild the world in your own image using the blocks that make up the vast land of Alefgard in this block-building RPG.
Dragon Quest Heroes: The World Tree's Woe and the Blight Below,PlayStation 4,2D,77,7.7,T,Omega Force,In DRAGON QUEST HEROES, players must rise up against insurmountable odds, challenging swarms of enemies and conquering gigantic monsters. DRAGON QUEST HEROES comes to the PlayStation 4 with characters and monsters designed by artist Akira Toriyama.
Drawful 2,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Jackbox Games, Inc.,The game of terrible drawings and hilariously wrong answers.
Dreamals,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Xiness,Having been summoned to a dream world, the three animals embark on an adventure to go back to their world.
Dreamals: Dream Quest,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Xiness,3 wounded and homeless animals happened to enter Dreamland. Will they be able to find the lost treasures of Dreamland and save the world?
Dreii,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,75,tbd,E,Etter Studio GmbH,Dreii is a puzzling game about skill, logic and friendship. It subtly connects players in real-time across the world, to help one another in a battle against gravity.
Driveclub,PlayStation 4,Racing,71,6.1,E,Evolution Studios,Driveclub promises to bring to life the heart and soul of car culture. An authentic and immersive driving experience, Drivelub promises to let you feel the exhilaration of racing the most powerful and beautifully designed cars in the world. Share in high-speed solo racing, or join a racing Club to discover what Driveclub is all about. Created specifically with the next-generation gamer in mind, Driveclub connects you and your friends, allowing you to share your experiences, send and receive challenges, and keep up to speed with your team’s performance.
Driveclub Bikes,PlayStation 4,Racing,79,7.6,E,Evolution Studios,Create events from scratch to ride day or night, and play with the fully customizable weather conditions to make every event unique. Race the worlds best superbikes from Yamaha, Ducati, Kawasaki, Honda, Bimota, BMW and more. 78 tracks in locations from Canada, Chile, Japan, Norway, Scotland & India. Form a Club with your mates and race online in challenges & multiplayer matches to earn big rewards. Go it alone in the offline Tour campaign with 42 events including Races, Time Trials, Skill challenges & Championship events. Send challenges to your friends & rivals to compete for glory. Customize your bikes & racing leathers. Choose from simulation or arcade camera views: first person rider, handlebar, dash, front wheel, near chase & far chase
Driveclub VR,PlayStation 4,Racing,66,5.8,NaN,Evolution Studios,Game modes: Online virtual reality multiplayer race modes and an action-packed single player career are joined by drifting and time trial challenges. Tracks: New and classic Driveclub tracks are brought to life through the power of PlayStation VR, including five all-new Urban locations. A closer look: More than 80 cars are recreated with immaculate detail for players to explore up close with Inspection Mode. Cruise control: A little time to kick back, open the throttle or just coast and explore any track, in any country at your leisure in Cruise Mode. Virtual passenger: An immersive thrill ride through exciting replays of hot laps as players watch themselves handle their greatest challenges from a unique viewpoint in Passenger Mode. [Playstation.com]
DUCATI: 90th Anniversary,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,E,Milestone S.r.l,From the makers of Ride comes a spinoff dedicated to the Ducati brand. With 39 models in the game, you can trot out some of the most iconic bikes in history.
Duck Dynasty,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,2.0,T,FUN Labs,Hunt & Prank to Become a Robertson
Duke Nukem 3D: 20th Anniversary World Tour,PlayStation 4,Action,77,6.1,M,Gearbox Software,Frag like it’s 1996 – this time with even more asses to kick! Join the world’s greatest action hero in Duke Nukem 3D: 20th Anniversary World Tour as he saves Earth once again, kicking alien ass and saving babes across the globe along the way.
Dungeon Defenders II,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,6.3,E10+,Trendy Entertainment,Dungeon Defenders II is the sequel to the tower-defense role-playing game Dungeon Defenders. Unlike it's predecessor, Dungeon Defenders II features a cooperative and competitive mode. Heroes, cosmetic items, pets, and more will transfer across both modes. The cooperative mode is the true sequel to Dungeon Defenders. Expect more heroes, more towers and even more loot.
Dungeon Punks,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.8,E10+,Hyper Awesome Entertainment,Dungeon Punks is a multiplayer side-scrolling brawler RPG with a unique tag-team system that allows each player to control two heroes at once, while managing and controlling a full party of up to six heroes. The adventure can be enjoyed cooperatively by up to three players via couch co-op, or solo with computer-controlled teammates.
Dungeons 2,PlayStation 4,Strategy,61,7.9,T,Kalypso,Assume control of the powerful Dungeon Lord and build an array of unique and terrifying dungeons, recruit an army of scary creatures and command 2 new factions. Prepare to defend your Kingdom against those pesky heroes, go above ground to wage war on their human cities and use the Hand of Terror' to take direct control over your minions, issue commands, and even dish out a swift slap to keep them in line.
Dust: An Elysian Tail,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,79,7.6,E10+,Humble Hearts,Set in the beautiful yet mysterious world of Falana, this game chronicles protagonist Dust's journey to liberate an oppressed village, and rediscover his past. He is aided by an ancient sword, Ahrah, and his helpful if unreserved sidekick, Fidget.
Dying Light,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,74,7.9,M,Techland,During the day you will explore the city in search of provisions and weapons. When the night falls, however, this troubled world undergoes a dramatic transformation that gives the gameplay a new dimension. You, as a hunter by day, become the hunted. The infected increase their strength, but something more sinister lurks in the dark to begin its prowl.
EA Sports UFC,PlayStation 4,Other Sports Games,70,6.1,T,EA Sports,UFC Ultimate Fighting Championship is a mixed martial arts fighting game that uses the new EA Sports Ignite engine. When players beat career mode on pro difficulty or higher, they will unlock Bruce Lee and can test his legacy against the best of the best in the UFC across four different weight classes. 
EA Sports UFC 2,PlayStation 4,Sports,79,6.2,T,EA Sports,A new physics-driven hit reaction and knockout system delivers more visceral KOs than before. Every knockout is now unique. Simultaneous two-fighter interaction brings the ground game to life with greater responsiveness and variety. Surprise your opponent with a flying armbar from the clinch, or with a quick transition from a knee bar to a heel hook. Standing submissions and submission chaining have been added.  Add an improved blocking and parrying system to the mix and you have new tools to fend off your opponent’s most devastating attacks.
Eagle Flight,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,E10+,Ubisoft, FunHouse,50 years after humans vanished from the face of the Earth, nature reclaimed the city of Paris, leaving a breathtaking playground. As an eagle, you soar past iconic landmarks, dive through narrow streets, and engage in aerial dog fights to protect your territory from opponents. With intuitive controls, you quickly learn to perform impressive aerial maneuvers in the blink of an eye. Eagle Flight sends you to the skies to experience the freedom of flying and explore Paris from a never-before seen perspective.
Earth Defense Force 4.1: The Shadow of New Despair,PlayStation 4,Action,64,7.8,M,Sandlot,The sci-fi action of the EDF series comes to the PlayStation4 for the first time in this reimagining of Earth Defense Force 2025, now with improved framerates and graphics, and over 50% new content. After selecting from one of four unique playable classes and customizing their weapons, players lead NPC troops into city-wide battles against hordes of seemingly endless giant bugs, robots, and other colossal enemies. 2 players can enjoy local co-op and versus modes, while online co-op supports up to four players to increase the odds against a massive swarm of enemies. 
Earth's Dawn,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,T,One or Eight,NaN
Electronic Super Joy,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Michael Todd Games,A touch platformer featuring a soundtrack by EDM superstar, EnV! Run, jump, fly, and smash your way through 50 plus unique levels, featuring low-gravity, world rotation, giant monsters, and swarming missile attacks.
Electronic Super Joy: Hot Sticky Mess,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Michael Todd Games,NaN
Emily Wants To Play,PlayStation 4,Adventure,75,tbd,T,SKH Apps,It’s 11 PM, and you are in front of the last house on your route. The lights are on, and the front door is opened. But the windows are all boarded up and the grass is overgrown. It seems like a strange place to deliver a pizza… Freely roam the house and try to figure out what is going on. This may be your last pizza delivery. [Playstation.com]
Ender of Fire,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,3.9,T,Xiness,After the Forest War, a local war waged on between the Beast tribes and the Human-Elf alliance. The only way to truly end this accursed war is to defeat the Elders of the Beast tribes and the Ancient being known as The One.
Energy Hook,PlayStation 4,Driving,22,3.0,E,Happion Laboratories,The game challenges you to chain together sequences of tricks, wall-runs, and stylish moves for massive scores. Bust through time challenges by using tricks to gain speed and seek out collectibles hidden throughout the levels.
Enter the Gungeon,PlayStation 4,Action,82,7.4,E10+,Dodge Roll,Enter the Gungeon is a bullet hell dungeon crawler following a band of misfits seeking to shoot, loot, dodge roll and table-flip their way to personal absolution by reaching the legendary Gungeon’s ultimate treasure: the gun that can kill the past.
Entwined,PlayStation 4,Action,59,6.7,E,Pixel Opus,It’s an abstract action/arcade game about two souls who are in love but that can’t be together. These souls are represented by a bird and a fish, which you must learn to control simultaneously. Over the course of nine lifetimes you will help these two characters come together with the eventual goal of uniting them for eternity. This story was inspired by an ancient Chinese myth, and the theme of reincarnation lives in our level structure. [Playstation.com]
Escape Goat 2,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,MagicalTimeBean,Escape Goat 2 is a puzzle platformer where you use the environment, your agility, and mighty horns to overcome obstacles and explore a mysterious tower.
Escape Plan,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,73,6.8,T,Fun Bits,Dice with death  and win  in this slapstick tale of survival.
Escape Plan: Director's Cut,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,T,Fun Bits,NaN
Escape Plan: The Asylum,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,T,Fun Bits,The Asylum delivers a ton of crazy content, including the Lil and Laarg Dressing Room where fans can check out the God and Luchadore Super Pack costumes, with the Poindexter and Super Hero costumes unlockable by playing through all of the 18 Asylum levels.
Escape Plan: The Underground,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,T,Fun Bits,NaN
ETHER One,PlayStation 4,General,75,4.7,E10+,White Paper Games,What if someone had the power to keep your loved ones memories alive? Fix memories, restore life. The fragility of the human mind is the subject of Ether One, a moving first-person adventure that subtly experiments with your feelings. Choose one of two paths through the world. One lets you play through the game at your own pace, unfolding a story free from puzzles or challenges. The other is a deeper, more involving route, on which you'll encounter complex problems that must be solved to help rebuild a clients memory.
EVE: Gunjack,PlayStation 4,Simulation,No score yet,6.2,T,CCP,A first-person arcade shooter, built from the ground up for virtual reality.
EVE: Valkyrie,PlayStation 4,Action,75,6.5,T,CCP,Assume the role of an elite fighter pilot and immerse yourself in virtual reality space combat. Become an elite spaceship pilot in the sprawling sci-fi universe of EVE. Join the Valkyrie, an outlaw band of galactic pirates, and take up arms to claim what's yours. Trade cannon fire for cash as you chase wealth and notoriety on the edge of space.
Everybody's Gone to the Rapture,PlayStation 4,Action,78,6.5,M,The Chinese Room,Everybody’s Gone to the Rapture transports the player back to the brief moments leading up to the apocalypse to explore the choices people make when they’re faced with world-shattering events beyond their control.
Evolve,PlayStation 4,Sci-Fi,76,4.3,M,Turtle Rock Studios,In a savage world of man against nature, will you the hunter or the hunted? The hammer or the nail? The creators of Left 4 Dead, Turtle Rock Studios, bring you EVOLVE, an evolution of multiplayer shooters in which four hunters face off against a single, player-controlled monster. Stalk your prey, execute your attack and prove you are the apex predator in 4-versus-1 bouts.
Evolve: The Hunt Evolves,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Turtle Rock Studios,NaN
Evolve: Ultimate Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.7,M,Turtle Rock Studios,The product includes: Evolve Base Game, Monster Expansion Pack, Hunting Season 1, and Hunting Season 2.
Exile's End,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,MagneticRealms,When the scion of the most powerful corporation in the galaxy goes missing on a remote mining planet, a team of mercenaries is dispatched to investigate. Among them is Jameson, an old soldier with a dark past. Inspired by early ’90s “cinematic platformers,’ Exile’s End plays out as an exploration-driven side-scrolling adventure through a massive mining complex on a moody, lonely alien world. [Playstation.com]
Exist Archive: The Other Side of the Sky,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,67,7.7,T,Tri-Ace,An RPG in which Kanata and others have been imbued with pieces of the dark god Yamatoga’s soul, and are sent to Protolexa, for reasons unbeknownst to them. Battle enemies and the armies of Chasseur as you search out for your other teammates, complete quests and side events, and learn the truth of why you have been chosen. [Playstation.com]
Extreme Exorcism,PlayStation 4,Action,74,tbd,E10+,Golden Ruby Games,Extreme Exorcism is an action platformer with a spooky twist. You assume the role of Mae Barrons, tiny medium at large who is tasked with ridding a haunted house full of evil spirits. Instead of using seances and crystal balls, Mae uses rocket launchers, swords and a kick-ass arsenal to get her point across. Unfortunately for her, with every ghost she kills, another takes it's place copying everything she did the round before.
F1 2015,PlayStation 4,Racing,65,6.3,E,Codemasters,Honda returns and once more forges an alliance with McLaren, which also welcomes back Fernando Alonso. Sebastien Vettel moves to Ferrari and, alongside a new generation of exciting young drivers on the grid, will attempt to halt the winning start Mercedes have made in the new era of FORMULA 1. The race calendar for 2015 also features a new circuit, with a return to Mexico for the first time in over 20 years.
F1 2016,PlayStation 4,Racing,82,8.4,E,Codemasters,Includes the full 2016 season calendar of 21 tracks, including the brand new Baku circuit in Azerbaijan, and the full roster of 22 drivers and 11 teams, including the new Haas F1 Team. F1 2016 immerses you in not only the on-track excitement of a FORMULA ONE career, including the inclusion of the iconic Safety Car and also the Virtual Safety Car for the first time, but also uniquely offers the drama and vehicle development that goes on behind the scenes. Work with your agent, engineer and team to develop your car in the deepest ever career experience, spanning up to ten seasons. Forge your own path to glory, and rise to be the champion. 
Fairy Fencer F: Advent Dark Force,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,71,6.4,T,Compile Heart,Fairy Fencer F is reborn as Fairy Fencer F: Advent Dark Force for the PlayStation®4 system! Continue your adventure through three new story paths: The Goddess story, the Vile Goddess story, and the Evil Goddess story.
Fallout 4,PlayStation 4,General,87,6.4,M,Bethesda Game Studios,As the sole survivor of Vault 111, you enter a world destroyed by nuclear war. Every second is a fight for survival, and every choice is yours. Only you can rebuild and determine the fate of the Wasteland. Welcome home.
Fallout 4: Automatron,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,69,6.2,M,Bethesda Game Studios,The mysterious Mechanist has unleashed a horde of evil robots into the Commonwealth, including the devious Robobrain. Hunt them down and harvest their parts to build and mod your own custom robot companions. Choose from hundreds of mods; mixing limbs, armor, abilities, and weapons like the all-new lightning chain gun. Even customize their paint schemes and choose their voices!
Fallout 4: Contraptions Workshop,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,3.3,NaN,Bethesda Game Studios,Machines that sort! Machines that build! Machines that combine! With Fallout 4 Contraptions, use conveyer belts, scaffolding kits, track kits, even logic gates to construct crazy and complex gadgets to improve your Wasteland settlements. The Contraptions Workshop also includes all-new features like elevators, greenhouse kits, warehouse kits, fireworks, armor racks and more!
Fallout 4: Far Harbor,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,75,6.1,M,Bethesda Game Studios,A new case from Valentine’s Detective Agency leads you on a search for a young woman and a secret colony of synths. Travel off the coast of Maine to the mysterious island of Far Harbor, where higher levels of radiation have created a more feral world. Navigate through the growing conflict between the synths, the Children of Atom, and the local townspeople. Will you work towards bringing peace to Far Harbor, and at what cost? Far Harbor features the largest landmass for an add-on that we’ve ever created, filled with new faction quests, settlements, lethal creatures and dungeons. Become more powerful with new, higher-level armor and weapons. The choices are all yours.
Fallout 4: Nuka-World,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,64,5.9,NaN,Bethesda Game Studios,Take a trip to Nuka-World, a vast amusement park now a lawless city of Raiders. Explore an all-new region with an open wasteland and park zones like Safari Adventure, Dry Rock Gulch, Kiddie Kingdom and the Galactic Zone. Nuka-World features new quests, Raiders, weapons, creatures and more. Enjoy the ride!
Fallout 4: Vault-Tec Workshop,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,60,4.0,NaN,Bethesda Game Studios,Build a brighter future underground with the all-new Vault-Tec Workshop. Create a massive Vault and attract new Dwellers using pre-war industrial kits complete with retro-nostalgic furniture, lighting, and art. Even change and customize the look of your inhabitants with new barbershops and cosmetic surgery stations. And like every good Overseer, run Vault-Tec approved experiments on your Dwellers to learn what makes an ideal citizen. Vault-Tec has given you the tools, the rest is up to you!
Fallout 4: Wasteland Workshop,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,50,3.4,M,Bethesda Game Studios,With the Wasteland Workshop, design and set cages to capture live creatures – from raiders to Deathclaws! Tame them or have them face off in battle, even against your fellow settlers. The Wasteland Workshop also includes a suite of new design options for your settlements like nixie tube lighting, letter kits, taxidermy and more!
Fantavision,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,SCEJ,Catch 'em. Detonate 'em. Watch an explosive display of brilliant pyrotechnics that you control. Sound pretty simple. But once you get the hang of it, it gets faster, tougher and more fantastic than you could ever imagine!
Far Cry 4,PlayStation 4,Action,85,7.7,M,Ubisoft Montreal,Hidden in the towering Himalayas lies a country steeped in tradition and violence. You are Ajay Ghale, returning to the country of your birth, the lush forests and harsh snow capped summits of Kyrat, to fulfill your mother’s dying wish of spreading her ashes. This vast and unpredictable country offers visitors opportunity and danger. You quickly find yourself caught up in a rebellion to overthrow the oppressive regime of Pagan Min, a figure known as much for his sense of style and charisma as for his cruelty and naked brutality. Navigating the treacherous landscape, you find your fate increasingly determined by the choices you make because in Kyrat, and every second is a story. In Far Cry 4, you’ll conquer fortress outposts from the back of a 6-ton elephant and take to the skies as you rain down explosives from your moving perch in the gyrocopter. The vertical landscape of the Himalayas isn’t just a gorgeous backdrop, but a playground that encourages the player to fight, hunt and explore, grappling cliffs or launching into the air, plummeting to the valley below in a controlled free fall with your wing suit. You’ll carry with you a truly unique arsenal of weaponry that lets you play your way, whether it’s sniping, sneaking or all-out assault. When all else fails, animals can be your biggest allies or your greatest peril, as Kyrat’s wilderness delivers on the promise of a true open world anecdote factory.
Far Cry 4: Complete Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Ubisoft Montreal,NaN
Far Cry 4: Escape from Durgesh Prison,PlayStation 4,Action,56,5.4,M,Ubisoft Montreal,With terrain spanning from lush forests to the snow-capped Himalayas, the entire world is alive…and deadly. Hidden in the towering Himalayas lies Kyrat, a country steeped in tradition and violence. You and a fellow captive have been rounded up and tortured in Yuma’s prison. Escape from the prison and survive the hostile lands of Pagan Min’s Kyrat.
Far Cry 4: Valley of the Yetis,PlayStation 4,Action,74,7.6,M,Ubisoft Montreal,Players must explore and survive a valley at the top of the Himalayas in Kyrat after Ajay’s helicopter crashes and leaves him stranded on a dangerous ridge. In order to stay alive, players must capture a camp for shelter and guard it from a mysterious cult. But even if successful against the cult, they must keep a lookout for the fabled and extremely dangerous yetis that populate the territory. [Ubisoft]
Far Cry Primal,PlayStation 4,Action,76,6.2,M,Ubisoft Montreal,The era is the Stone Age, a time of imminent peril and limitless adventure, when giant mammoths and sabretooth tigers rule the globe, and humanity is at the low end of the food chain. As the last survivor of your hunting group, you will learn to build a deadly arsenal, fight off dangerous predators, and outsmart enemy tribes to conquer the land of Oros and become the Apex Predator. You'll assume the role of Takkar, a seasoned hunter and the last surviving member of your group. You have a single goal: survive in a world where you are the hunted. Grow your tribe and sharpen your skills to lead your people, conquer the land of Oros, and become the apex predator. Encounter a cast of memorable characters who can help push back the dangers of the wild. Face enemy tribes who will do anything to eradicate you and your allies. [Ubisoft]
Farming Simulator 15,PlayStation 4,Simulation,54,5.8,E,Giants Software,Develop and manage your own farm across hundreds of acres of land offered by the new Nordic environment, and a renovated North American farm. Utilize and drive authentic machines and farming tools, from over 40 most famous manufacturers, including vehicles for the new activity in Farming Simulator 15: woodcutting.
Farming Simulator 17,PlayStation 4,Simulation,66,tbd,NaN,Maximum Games,Assume the role of a modern farmer in Farming Simulator 17. Immerse yourself in an open world loaded with a harvest of new content. Explore farming possibilities over hundreds of acres of land, including a detailed new North American environment. [Playstation.com]
Fat City,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Heavy Iron Studios,Use your cunning and brain power to plan heists and getaways to pull in the big bucks in the city that never sleeps.Chris Knox is the leader of a crew of former special ops personnel and highly-skilled hustlers. Help Chris and his team plan and pull off audacious heists from high-value targets to fill the coffers of a surreptitious crime syndicate in exchange for the life of a loved one. In this action-puzzler with 60 targets spread throughout the five boroughs of New York City, players will use their cunning and brain power to plan raids and execute getaways to pull in the big bucks in the city that never sleeps.
Fat Princess Adventures,PlayStation 4,Action,63,7.9,T,SCE Santa Monica, Fun Bits,This new co-op adventure serves up the cheeky light-hearted humor that made the PlayStation 3 game what it was. Up to 4 friends can team up for a not-so-epic adventure to slay monsters, steal loot, rescue the princesses, gobble cake, and defeat the evil Bitter Queen. Your band of comrades will stab, smash, grab and grub your way through the land of Great Bitten with all the mischief that you would expect from a Fat Princess RPG. 
Fate/Extella: The Umbral Star,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,T,Marvelous Inc.,NaN
Fenix Furia,PlayStation 4,Action,71,tbd,E,Green Lava Studios,Fenix Rage is a stylish, aggravatingly addictive 2D platformer that will have gamers exclaim in frustration and exult in victory as they navigate through hundreds of palm-sweating levels to reachâ€¦ a cookie?! Best played with patience and a glass of milk.
Fez,PlayStation 4,Action,90,6.3,E,Polytron Corp.,Gomez is a 2D man on a voyage of discovery into the mysterious 3rd dimension. Change your perspective and look at the world in a different way.
Fibbage: The Hilarious Bluffing Party Game,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.5,T,Jackbox Games, Inc.,Fibbage is the studio’s newest, humor-laden trivia party game. The game challenges players to fool their friends with lies, avoid selecting their friends’ lies, and find the (usually zany) truths to some very unusual facts.
FIFA 14,PlayStation 4,Sports,87,6.3,E,EA Canada,Fuelled by EA SPORTS IGNITE, FIFA 14 feels alive with players who think, move, and behave like world-class footballers, and dynamic stadiums that come to life. Players have four times the decision making ability and feel alive with human-like reactions, anticipation, and instincts. With 10 times more animation depth and detail than previous consoles, FIFA 14 delivers the dynamic movements and biomechanics of the worlds best footballers. Players are agile and athletic as they plant, pivot and cut, and explode out of each step. The increased fidelity has a game-changing effect on gameplay. Plus, the artistry and athleticism of footballers will come to life with the addition of hundreds of new types of skills and hundreds of new behaviors. And for the first time ever, fans will feel the electricity of a living stadium as the emotions of new 3D crowds rise and fall around the stories on the pitch.
FIFA 15,PlayStation 4,Sports,82,5.7,E,EA Sports,New to this year's installment, players have memories and will show emotion based on the context of the match. With over 600 new emotional reactions, players now respond to pivotal moments on the pitch – bad tackles, missed chances, epic goals - as they would in real life.  Refined commentary highlights unique fan reactions, while chants and behaviors will be relevant to country or even your club. New bench reactions, side line character animations, 10-man goal celebrations, and more will strive to keep you engaged in the story of the match. Your teammates and opponents now recognize what’s happening in the match and will adjust their tactics just like real players.
FIFA 16,PlayStation 4,Sports,82,4.3,E,EA Sports,FIFA 16 gives you the tools to stop your opponent with confidence. Move with greater freedom as a defender - rely on your team to defend as a unit, and your back line to track menacing runs to create balance between attacking and defending.
FIFA 17,PlayStation 4,Sports,84,5.0,E,EA Sports, EA Vancouver,EA SPORTS FIFA 17 The Journey isa new game mode powered by Frostbite. Immersed in The Journey, fans live their story on and off the pitch as Premier League prospect, Alex Hunter who is looking to make his mark. Fans visit new football worlds, meet new characters full of depth, and navigate emotional highs and lows of their unique story arc through decisions off the pitch, their performance on it, and character interactions throughout the 2016/17 season while playing for any of the 20 Premier League clubs. [Electronic Arts]
Filthy Lucre,PlayStation 4,Action,61,7.3,M,Fabrik Games,Filthy Lucre is a tactical stealth action game you can play single player and co-op, both split screen and online.
Final Fantasy Type-0 HD,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,72,6.6,M,HexaDrive,Experience the epic saga of the eastern lands of Orience. Alternate at will between fourteen characters with unique weapons and abilities.
Final Fantasy VII,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.4,T,Square Enix,An epic adventure across 3 cd-roms. What begins as a rebellion against an evil corporation becomes much more. And what erupts goes beyond imagination. With vivid landscapes, lush 3D animation and environments, Square Soft's multi-million dollar masterpiece is like nothing ever seen before.
Final Fantasy X / X-2 HD Remaster,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,84,8.1,T,Virtuos,Two RPGs - Now in High Definition. Over 200 hours of gameplay, including the International version content never before released in North America. Relive the fateful journey with fully remastered HD visuals and rearranged music.
Final Fantasy XIV Online: A Realm Reborn,PlayStation 4,Massively Multiplayer,86,6.6,T,Square Enix,Take part in an ever-changing FINAL FANTASY as you adventure and explore with friends from around the world. Experience all the hallmarks of the franchise - airships, chocobos, moogles, and more.
Final Fantasy XIV Online: The Complete Experience,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Square Enix,Enter the realm of Eorzea and experience the critically acclaimed FINAL FANTASY XIV: A Realm Reborn and its expansion, Heavensward, featuring:
Final Fantasy XIV: Heavensward,PlayStation 4,Massively Multiplayer Online,86,7.6,T,Square Enix,The to-this-point sealed gates to Ishgard open to the citizens of Eorzea as the Dragonsong War deteriorates. This bloody thousand-year skirmish between the dragoons of Ishgard and the sentient dragons of Dravania invites the support of new adventurers to bring to a halt to the conflict. Heavensward expands the playable area of the game into additional areas of Eorzea, beyond the Coerthas Central Highlands and in to the skies above the Sea of Clouds and the floating landmasses therein. 
Final Fantasy XV,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,T,Square Enix,FINAL FANTASY XV is a fantasy based on reality. Escaping the flames of war, Noctis, the Crown Prince of the Kingdom of Lucis, embarks on an epic journey with his best friends through a world of larger-than-life beasts, amazing wonders to behold, and dungeons filled with danger in hopes of finding the strength to take back his homeland and end the battle. [Square-Enix]
Final Horizon,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,5.5,E10+,Eiconic Games,Final Horizon is a fast paced action packed strategic tower defense game like you've never seen before. Space Invaders just turned nasty.
Final Horizon: Dark Galaxy,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Eiconic Games,NaN
Firewatch,PlayStation 4,Adventure,76,7.1,M,Campo Santo,In Firewatch you play as a man named Henry who has retreated from his messy life to work as a fire lookout in the Wyoming wilderness. Perched high atop a mountain, it’s your job to look for smoke and keep the wilderness safe. An especially hot and dry summer has everyone on edge. Your supervisor, a woman named Delilah, is available to you at all times over a small, handheld radio — and is your only contact with the world you've left behind. But when something strange draws you out of your lookout tower and into the world, you’ll explore a wild and unknown environment, facing questions and making interpersonal choices that can build or destroy the only meaningful relationship you have.
Flame Over,PlayStation 4,Simulation,No score yet,2.5,E,Laughing Jackal,Flame Over is a fire fighting 'squirt 'em-up' game with randomly generated levels, blending twin stick shooter and roguelike design principles.
Flockers,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,61,4.8,T,Team 17,Flockers is a modern day take on the classic A to B puzzle genre with a generous helping of dark humour for good measure.
flOw,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,71,6.5,E,SuperVillain Studios,flOw is a game about piloting an aquatic organism through a surreal biosphere where players consume other organisms, evolve, and dive into the abyss. With an embedded design of DDA (dynamic difficulty adjustment), players with differing skill levels can intuitively customize their game experience and enjoy the game at their own pace.
flower,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,91,7.2,E,Bluepoint Games,The pioneers that brought you the PLAYSTATION Network title flOw are back with another concept that challenges traditional gaming conventions. Flower expands the team's tradition of delivering simple gameplay, accessible controls and a medium to explore emotional chords uncommon in video games. In Flower, the surrounding environment, most often pushed to the background in games, is pulled to the forefront and becomes the primary "character." The player fades from an external and stressful world in the opening of this fresh and genuine game only for PS3, and journeys through beautifully vivid landscapes, changing the his surroundings and exploring nature along the way.
Fluster Cluck,PlayStation 4,Action,37,4.0,E,LOOT Entertainment,Fluster Cluck is a cartoony, pick-up-and-play twin-stick shooter with resource gathering elements. It has no blood, no gore, no grizzled mercenaries, no princesses who need to be saved, no softcore anime cutscenes, no dialogue trees, and no moral dilemmas. It just has chikkin. Lots and lots of chikkin. [Playstation.com]
For Honor,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Ubisoft Montreal,For Honor is a competitive third-person melee title which mixes speed, strategy and team play with close range combat. The Chosen has survived a thousand years of wandering the southern deserts. Their journey should have wiped them out hundreds of years ago, but they survived thanks to the skill set and focus of their heroes. These individuals hoe to lead their followers to an improbable victory and to establish a new homeland. Striking fear in their enemies, The Warborn warriors sail across the Boiling Sea to raid the southern coast. Known for their fire and passion, they will seek to drive their enemies out of their ancestral lands. On the shoulders of great heroes, The Legions have driven out invaders, conquered any who wouldn't join them, and established hundreds of others to defend what is theirs. Facing invasion on two fronts, these heroes fight to protect their lands form the heathens who would take it. [Ubisoft]
Forced: Slightly Better Edition,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,60,tbd,T,BetaDwarf,Forced is a 1-4 player co-op action RPG with puzzle and tactical elements. Assume the role of slaves in the toughest fantasy gladiator school of them all, condemned to fight to the death, all the while attempting to win your freedom.
Forestry 2017: The Simulation,PlayStation 4,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Joindots,Take control of the tasks of a professional woodcutter and enjoy working in the woods. Control huge machinery, fell the trees, arrange the timber, and comb through your wood. Sell the wood, and earn money to expand your company.
Foul Play,PlayStation 4,Action,66,tbd,E10+,Mediatonic,Prepare for DRAMA as the Baron's tale unfolds, from the harsh deserts of Cairo, to the shady streets of Victorian London... and beyond. The finest actors and actresses of the day have been employed to ensure the ABSOLUTE authenticity of the story. Prepare to play out the most spectacular and explosive moments of the Baron's life; improbable beasts, astonishing villainy, and at the heart of it all - the mysterious Foul Play.
Four Sided Fantasy,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Ludo Land,Four Sided Fantasy is a game about pushing the limits of your screen, where you can wrap from one side of the screen to the other. Discover a strange world where a man and woman journey through four seasons in a year, constantly separated by the boundaries of the screen.
Frozen Free Fall: Snowball Fight,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,2.4,E,SuperVillain Studios,Turn your living room into an epic puzzle matching battle in Frozen Free Fall: Snowball Fight, featuring 195 free levels and a new local multiplayer mode. Challenge your friends & family to a Snowball Fight where you dodge and throw snowballs by creating cascading combos. Unleash power-ups and progress through challenging levels to unlock new characters and more puzzles.
Full Mojo Rampage,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,66,tbd,T,Over the Top Games,Welcome to the world of Full Mojo Rampage where you get to control a Voodoo keeper throughout his adventures. As the player you'll need to guide him safely through each level whilst hunting for voodoo dolls and mojos. These mojos can be found throughout the game in the form of amulets and trinkets that bring him strength and luck. They also unleash an array of other powers that you can craft to your own advantage in order to truly master the terrible powers of Voodoo.
Funk of Titans,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,A Crowd of Monsters,Funk of Titans was developed by the indie developer A Crowd of Monsters, and is a fun fast-paced side-scrolling platformer where you are tasked to defeat the Music Titans in the name of funk by Zeus himself.  As Perseus (wielder of Funk-Fu) you will accomplish this difficult task via 40+ levels through 3 different worlds of music: Pop, Rap, and Rock. The Pagan Titans and Music Gods stand in your way, so grab your knife, steel your heart, and let's get funky!
Furi,PlayStation 4,Action,77,7.5,M,The Game Bakers,Furi is a game where you fight for a reason. It’s a game that teases you before the fight, while you walk toward your fate, the same way you would be pumped up and stressed before a boxing match. As you do, you’ll start to piece together about why you’re here and what you’re fighting for. [The Game Baker / Playstation.com]
Futuridium EP Deluxe,PlayStation 4,Action,73,5.7,E,MixedBag Srl,An old school shoot'em up with a modern twist. Futuridium EP offers fast paced, non stop, hard as hell action, with an original 45 minutes soundtrack and colourful, glitchy graphic.
Gal*Gun: Double Peace,PlayStation 4,Action,64,7.2,NaN,Alchemist, Inti Creates,Houdai, a typically incompetent high school boy when it come to matters of the heart, accidentally eats a full power cupid shot and becomes insanely popular with the ladies at his academy. However, having an entire lifetime’s sex appeal condensed into one day is not without its problems. Our hero finds out the hard way that being Mr. Popular isn’t all it’s cracked up to be. Houdai must somehow resist every cute girl that throws herself at him in an effort to find his true love! If Houdai doesn’t find "the one" and confess to her by the end of the day, he will be forever alone.
Galak-Z: The Dimensional,PlayStation 4,Action,82,7.2,E10+,17-Bit,This hand painted intergalactic adventure takes you to the ends of the universe to fight enemies in new ways. Inspired by the classic sci-fi anime of the late 1970s and early 1980s as well as more modern shooters.
Galak-Z: The Void,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,17-Bit,NaN
Game of Thrones: A Telltale Games Series,PlayStation 4,Action,69,6.7,M,Telltale Games,Telltale's series is founded in the world, characters and events seen in HBO’s television show, which in turn is based on George R. R. Martin’s books (A Song of Ice and Fire).
Game of Thrones: Episode Five - A Nest of Vipers,PlayStation 4,Action,77,6.8,M,Telltale Games,In this penultimate episode, the actions of every Forrester are vital to the survival of the house. Rodrik's alliance with House Glenmore, and his defiance of the Whitehills, has drawn the ire of an even greater threat: Ramsay Snow. Far across the Narrow Sea in Essos, with Meereen now a free city, Asher is close to securing the army he desperately needs to return home, and save his family. In King's Landing, Mira's activities at Tommen's coronation have not escaped the attention of Margaery Tyrell, and Cersei has realized that the handmaiden may prove useful in her political games. Finally, beyond the Wall, Gared's unlikely allies are reluctant to help in the search for the North Grove... but this far into the frozen wilds, Crows and Free Folk have a common enemy; and winter is coming.
Game of Thrones: Episode Four - Sons of Winter,PlayStation 4,Action,73,7.3,M,Telltale Games,In this fourth episode, the fate of the scattered Forresters hangs in the balance, and no one allied with the family is considered to be safe. An unexpected meeting offers Rodrik a new opportunity to free Ironrath from its Whitehill stranglehold, but with young Ryon Forrester still imprisoned, his next moves are critical. Gared must abandon Castle Black and venture beyond the Wall in search of the mysterious North Grove, risking encounters with Wildlings and worse. In King's Landing, the population is reeling from a recent royal death, and Mira must step carefully in an increasingly complex game of politics where secrets are traded as currency. Far away in Essos, Asher infiltrates the slave city of Meereen at the behest of Daenerys Targaryen, but will the friendship he holds dear break under the strain of a mission that raises memories best forgotten? [Telltale Games]
Game of Thrones: Episode One - Iron From Ice,PlayStation 4,Action,77,7.6,M,Telltale Games,Episode 1 - Iron From Ice. The series is based on the world, characters and events seen in HBO’s television show, which in turn is based on George R. R. Martin’s books (A Song of Ice and Fire). The events in the game series begin towards the end of Season 3 of the television show and end just before the beginning of Season 5. You'll traverse familiar locations such as King’s Landing and The Wall, as well as unfamiliar locations such as Ironrath, the home of House Forrester.
Game of Thrones: Episode Six - The Ice Dragon,PlayStation 4,Action,75,6.9,M,Telltale Games,Your chronicle is about to come to a conclusion. With House Whitehill tightening its grip on Ironrath at the behest of Ramsay Bolton, the remaining Forresters need to give their all to save the family, whether through diplomacy, subterfuge, or violent force. In the frozen wilds beyond The Wall, Gared learns the secrets of the mysterious North Grove, and Mira discovers that political games in a King's Landing controlled by Cersei Lannister often involve the highest stakes of all. What is the fate of House Forrester? When you play the Game of Thrones, you win or you die. Your choices, your story: you decide. [Telltale Games]
Game of Thrones: Episode Three - The Sword in the Darkness,PlayStation 4,Action,70,7.1,M,Telltale Games,Asher, the exile, proceeds to Mereen in search of an army to take on the Whitehills. Meanwhile in Westeros, Mira must deal with the lethal politics of King’s Landing. [Telltale Games]
Game of Thrones: Episode Two - The Lost Lords,PlayStation 4,Action,69,7.1,M,Telltale Games,The Lost Lords is the second of six installments in the Game of Thrones: A Telltale Games Series.
Gauntlet: Slayer Edition,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,71,7.0,M,Arrowhead Game Studios,The traditional Gauntlet 4-player co-op gameplay returns in a new experience. Assume the role of one of 4 unique heroes in a monster-filled dungeon brawler. Battle the interminable hordes of enemies as you and your cohorts fight for treasure and glory via both local and online co-op multiplayer.
Gemini: Heroes Reborn,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,57,6.6,T,Phosphor Games,Gemini is a first person action-adventure that allows users to enter into the role of Cassandra, age 20. She is a young woman on a journey of discovery in which she will unlock incredible powers - unique in the Heroes Universe - and solve a mystery in her past. She will be reunited with her long missing family, but not in the way she ever expected.
Gems of War,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,5.5,T,Ininity Plus 2, Infinity Plus 2,From the creators of Puzzle Quest, play the new Puzzle/RPG/Strategy mash-up, GEMS OF WAR! Battle against epic bosses or other players. In Gems of War, you battle your foes not just with swords and sorcery, but with a puzzle board! Match gems to power your spells, and match skulls to smite your enemies!
Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions,PlayStation 4,Action,85,7.9,E,Lucid Games,Over fifty single player levels including Adventure and Classic Arcade modes. 3D grids and over ten battle modes including Pacifism, King and Claustrophobia. Four distinct companion drones such as Attack, Collector, Ram and Snipe. Co-op and Online Competitive Multiplayer modes.
Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions Evolved,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.8,E,Lucid Games,Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions Evolved includes all of the content & features from Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions and more: -Over 100 total levels including 40 all-new -Classic games modes in HD -15 3D grids including 5 all-new and 12 battle modes including Pacifism, King, Claustrophobia and 4 all-new modes -6 unique companion drones including Attack, Collect, Ram, Snipe, Defend and the all-new Sweep drone -New “Hardcore” mode for Geometry Wars purists with no drones or supers and a separate leaderboard -Cooperative and Online Competitive Multiplayer modes -Community and Friend Leaderboards
Ghostbusters,PlayStation 4,Action,30,0.6,E10+,Activision, FireForge Games,Have you and your friends been experiencing paranormal activity? Grab your Proton Pack and join the Ghostbusters as you explore Manhattan, blasting ghosts, and trapping those runaway ghouls.
Giana Sisters: Dream Runners,PlayStation 4,Action,37,4.8,E,Black Forest Games,In Giana Sisters: Dream Runners, Giana competes with herself. But now she’s not only cute and punk… there’s more. Two more to be exact.
Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams - Director's Cut,PlayStation 4,Action,80,7.5,E,Black Forest Games,Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is a challenging fast-paced platformer with a twist. Players can warp Giana's dream into a nightmarish world of wonder, changing her abilities and interactions. Players must use their skills, speed, brains, and powers to defeat the dangers that populate her twisted dreams!
Ginger: Beyond the Crystal,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Drakhar Studio,A world destroyed by a crystal explosion, a mysterious threat hanging over its inhabitants, and a goddess who creates a hero. This is Ginger: Beyond The Crystal. Ginger must reestablish the connection with the goddess by purifying corrupted crystals that have spread throughout the worlds. It won’t be easy — the worlds are full of enemies and traps across 15 different levels. [Playstation.com]
Goat Simulator,PlayStation 4,Simulation,58,6.0,T,Coffee Stain Studios,Goat Simulator is the latest in goat simulation technology, bringing next-gen goat simulation to YOU. You no longer have to fantasize about being a goat, your dreams have finally come true.
God Eater 2: Rage Burst,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,70,8.0,T,Shift,3 years following the events of GOD EATER: Resurrection, a mysterious red rain sparks a fatal pandemic called the Black Plague. With no established cure, this scourge has a mortality rate of 100% once infected. Members of the Special Unit "Blood", an Affiliate of the Fenrir Organization, are sent to assist and investigate. Assume control of their newest recruit as you master incredible weaponry, challenge enormous monsters, and cooperate with an iconic cast of characters fighting for humanity in GOD EATER 2: Rage Burst. 
God Eater Resurrection,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,70,8.0,T,Shift, Bandai Namco Games,Confronting an enemy completely immune to conventional weapons, modern society is driven to the point of extinction. One last hope remains. Following the Fenrir Organization’s development of God Arcs, their wielders are organized into an elite force of God Eaters. As the newest recruit to Fenrir’s Far East Branch, discover that in times of adversity, humans will go to any length to survive in God Eater Resurrection. [Playstation.com]
God of War III Remastered,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,81,7.8,M,Wholesale Algorithms,Originally developed by SCE Santa Monica Studio for the PS3, God of War 3 has been remastered for the PS4 and gameplay supports 1080p at 60fps. God of War 3 Remastered brings epic battles to life with graphics and an elaborate plot that put Kratos at the center of carnage and destruction as he pursues revenge against the Gods who have betrayed him. Set in the realm of brutal Greek mythology, God of War 3 Remastered is the single-player game that allows players to assume the fearless role of the ex-Spartan warrior, Kratos, as he rises from the darkest depths of Hades to scale the very heights of Mount Olympus to seek his bloody revenge. Armed with double-chained blades and an array of new weapons and magic, Kratos must take on mythology’s deadliest creatures while solving intricate puzzles throughout his merciless quest to destroy Olympus. 
Godzilla,PlayStation 4,Action,38,3.1,T,NATSUME ATARI Inc.,Developed by Japanese videogame studio NATSUME ATARI, GODZILLA places players in control of one of the most famous and destructive monsters in entertainment history. As Godzilla players will trample and lay waste to cities and environments with the goal of taking out each area’s Energy Generator while collecting as much G-Energy as possible. The G-Energy can then be used to power-up Godzilla, increasing both his physical size as well as his offensive and defensive skills. 
Gone Home: Console Edition,PlayStation 4,Adventure,85,4.2,M,The Fullbright Company, Midnight City,The eldest daughter of the Greenbriar family returns after a year abroad. She expects her parents and sister to greet her. Instead she finds only a deserted house, filled with secrets. Where is everyone? And what's happened here? Find out for yourself in Gone Home, a first-person game entirely about exploration, mystery and discovery. The house is yours to explore as you see fit. Open any drawer or door to investigate what's inside. Piece together the mysteries from notes and clues woven into the house itself. Discover the story of a year in the life of the Greenbriar family. Dig deeper. Go home again.
Goosebumps: The Game,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,5.5,E10+,WayForward,The walk home from school today is gonna be a lot spookier than usual. Your sleepy neighborhood’s been overrun by monsters. Werewolves prowl the woods, Gnomes roam underfoot, and scarecrows walk at midnight. But these aren’t ordinary monsters—they’re R.L. Stine’s famous Goosebumps monsters, released from their books and looking to wreak havoc.
Gran Turismo Sport,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Polyphony Digital,The latest instalment of the Gran Turismo franchise is coming to PlayStation4 with the name Gran Turismo SPORT. The graphics, sound and physics engine promise to be the most realistic ever experienced in a driving simulator thanks to the new platform and the new technologies, but that alone would be a too obvious improvement: the way driving games are played also promise to undergo a revolution with Gran Turismo SPORT. This is a vision that invokes the rebirth of motorsports. The major difference between real life motorsports and Gran Turismo SPORT is in the fact that anyone, from children to the elderly, can participate and enjoy racing. Even players who have never played driving games until now can discover how fun it is to drive. Whilst at the same time, it has the depth and complexity to meet the expectations of the existing Gran Turismo fans.
Grand Ages: Medieval,PlayStation 4,Strategy,64,7.1,T,Gaming Minds Studios,Grand Ages: Medieval is a real-time strategy game from Gaming Minds. Lead your people and advance through the decades by utilising construction, research, expansion and conquest in an area extending from Scandinavia and North Africa; to Portugal, the Caucasus and the Middle East. Rise from the humble role of a simple mayor governing a small settlement and rule over all of Europe. Experience an exciting campaign with elaborately designed cut-scenes, play by your own rules in free play or test your skills in multiplayer against up to 8 players!
Grand Kingdom,PlayStation 4,Strategy,78,8.1,T,Spike Chunsoft,After the fall of the once-prosperous Uldein Empire over one hundred years ago, the Four Great Nations now wage war to claim dominion over the Resonail continent. Battles are no longer fought by honorable knights loyal to a nation, but by mercenaries who sell their services to the highest bidder. As the leader of a mercenary squad, the player will lead their troops across a battle-scarred continent, overcoming obstacles and adversaries as they complete quests doled out by each nation. In doing so, they will unravel the mystery behind the downfall of a mighty empire.
Grand Prix Rock 'N Racing,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Unfinished Pixel,Get ready for some speed. Off Road races with your friends and family.
Grand Theft Auto III,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.5,M,DMA Design, Rockstar North,Crime does pay.  The highly controversial Grand Theft Auto franchise moves into 3D in the dark and seedy underworld of Liberty City.  You play a crook with link to the Mafia.  A man named 8-ball assigns you tasks ranging from delivering an item to killing the leaders of rival gangs.  But you don't have to take that route, as Grand Theft Auto III gives you the freedom to go anywhere and cause your own trouble.  Some of your activities might consist of jacking people's cars, beating pedestrians, and testing out your huge arsenal of weapons--including assault rifles, shotguns, rocket launchers, and flamethrowers--on the police.
Grand Theft Auto Online,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.8,NaN,Rockstar North,Grand Theft Auto Online is a dynamic and persistent open world for 16 players that begins by sharing content and mechanics with Grand Theft Auto V, but continues to expand and evolve with content created by Rockstar and other players. Taking the fundamental concepts of open-world freedom, ambient activity and mission-based gameplay and making them available to multiple players in an incredibly dynamic online world, we offer players the freedom to explore alone or work cooperatively with friends to complete missions. Residents of Los Santos band together to participate in activities and ambient events, or compete in traditional game modes with the entire community, all with the personality and refined mechanics of Grand Theft Auto V.
Grand Theft Auto V,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,97,8.3,M,Rockstar North,The sprawling sun-soaked metropolis of Los Santos is chock full of self-help coaches, starlets and C-List celebrities, once on top of the media world, now struggling to stay relevant in time of economic malaise and lowest-common-denominator reality TV. Amidst this madness, three unique criminals plan their own chances of survival and success: Franklin, a street-level hustler in search of opportunities for serious money; Michael, an ex-con whose "retirement" is a less rosy than he hoped it would be; and Trevor, a violent dude driven by the chance for a quick high and the next big score. Nearly out of options, the crew risks it all in a series of daring and dangerous heists that could set them up for life - one way or the other.
Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.9,M,Rockstar North,Five years ago Carl Johnson escaped from the pressures of life in Los Santos, San Andreas... a city tearing itself apart with gang trouble, drugs and corruption. Where filmstars and millionaires do their best to avoid the dealers and gangbangers. Now, it's the early 90s. Carl's got to go home. His mother has been murdered, his family has fallen apart and his childhood friends are all heading towards disaster. On his return to the neighborhood, a couple of corrupt cops frame him for homicide. CJ is forced on a journey that takes him across the entire state of San Andreas, to save his family and to take control of the streets.
Grand Theft Auto: Vice City,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.0,M,Rockstar North,From the decade of big hair, excess, and pastel suits comes a story of one man's rise to the top of the criminal pile. Vice City is a huge urban sprawl ranging from the beach to the swamps and the glitz to the ghetto, and is the most varied and complete digital city ever created. Combining nonlinear gameplay with a character driven narrative, you arrive in a town brimming with seedy opportunities and are given the chance to take it over as you choose. Take control of a variety of vehicles including high-performance cars and motorbikes, powerboats, golf buggies and helicopters. Browse through the radio stations, with styles ranging from rock to electro to find a sultry melody or pumping beat to suit your mood. No matter what type of man you are, Vice City is always full of surprises.
Gravity Rush 2,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,T,SCE Japan Studio,Prepare to fall through the skies as gravity kitten Kat masters a suite of new gravity-defying abilities and chases the mystery of her origin across a huge new open world. [SIEA]
Gravity Rush Remastered,PlayStation 4,Action,80,8.2,T,Bluepoint Games,Gain a new perspective as Kat, a strong-willed girl trying to protect her future in a world that's crumbling to pieces. With incredible gravity-altering abilities, Kat is the only one who can salvage the floating city of Hekseville – if only she could remember who she is…
Grim Fandango Remastered,PlayStation 4,General,80,7.8,T,Double Fine Productions,Something is Rotten in the Land of the Dead... ...and you're being played for a sucker. He sells luxury packages to souls on their 4-year journey to eternal rest. But there is trouble in paradise. Help Manny untangle himself from a conspiracy that threatens his salvation.
Grow Home,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,74,6.1,E,Ubisoft Reflections,As the lovable B.U.D. (Botanical Utility Droid), you will explore the skies using the power of the Star Plant, a giant beanstalk-like plant that B.U.D. can grow and direct as he makes his way from the planet’s surface up to his mother ship. [Ubisoft]
Grow Up,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,70,6.4,E,Ubisoft Reflections,BUD, an adorable yet clumsy, stumbling, tumbling robot. Spaceship wreckage scattered across an entire planet of abundant alien flora and thrusting star plants. A distant moon with your spacecraft’s beating heart yearning to be rescued. A fantastical acrobatic adventure in a world that’s as challenging as it is beautiful. Welcome to Grow Up!
Gryphon Knight Epic,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,8.3,E10+,Cyber Rhino Studios,Gryphon Knight Epic is a 2D Medieval Shoot’em up currently in development for Windows, MAC & Linux. Mixing elements from classical shoot’em ups, exploration and duel-like boss battles, it tells the story of Sir Oliver and Áquila, an accomplished knight and his loyal gryphon that are forced back to adventure once again.
Guacamelee! Super Turbo Championship Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,87,7.6,E10+,DrinkBox Studios,Guacamelee! is a Metroid-vania style action-platformer set in a magical Mexican inspired world. The game draws its inspiration from traditional Mexican culture and folklore, and features many interesting and unique characters. Guacamelee builds upon the classic open-world Metroid-vania style of games, by adding a strong melee combat component, a new dimension switching mechanic, and cooperative same-screen multiplayer for the entire story. The game also blurs the boundaries between combat and platforming by making many of the moves useful and necessary for both of these.
Guilty Gear Xrd -REVELATOR-,PlayStation 4,Action,86,8.4,T,Arc System Works,Guilty Gear Xrd -REVELATOR- moves along at 60 frames per second and features PS4/PS3 cross compatible battles. Choose from over 20+ fighters as you battle for glory in the post apocalypse. New modes and polished mechanics provide infinite ways to annihilate your rivals.
Guilty Gear Xrd -SIGN-,PlayStation 4,Action,84,8.0,T,Arc System Works,Guilty Gear Xrd -SIGN-, the newest entry of the Guilty Gear fighting game series, brings its redesigned, extreme style and unique 3D animation to players everywhere.
Guitar Hero Live,PlayStation 4,Action,80,6.1,T,FreeStyleGames,Guitar Hero Live mode inserts you onstage, looking out: you get a first-person perspective as a real crowd reacts to the notes you play. Or switch over to GHTV - a playable music video network, where you can play along in real time, discover new music, and challenge friends around the world. 
GUNS UP!,PlayStation 4,Action,54,6.4,T,Valkyrie Entertainment,In this side-scrolling strategy game, players take on the role of a General, managing resources and deploying the right combination of troops, land mines, air strikes, smoke screens, and sniper towers to topple their opponents’ bases. With Cross-Play, Generals can fine-tune their strategy against opponents with turn-based asynchronous gameplay across the PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita systems.
Guns, Gore & Cannoli,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,8.5,T,Claeys Brothers Arts,Guns, Gore & Cannoli is a Tarantino-esque homage to the exploitation/grindhouse films from the 70ies, the gangster classics, and the old school 2D arcade shooters.
Gunscape,PlayStation 4,Action,61,tbd,T,Blowfish Studios,Create, play and share your own FPS experiences. Mash-up your favourite classics into something amazing!
Hand of Fate,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,79,7.8,T,Defiant Development,In Hand of Fate, players collect equipment, items, artifacts and enemies as in-game collectible cards in a card based RPG; then play their deck, bringing to video game life a beautiful 3D world in which gamers make difficult decisions.  Sometimes their choices have unexpected consequences and players must crush their foes utilizing a third person action-adventure combat system. The more bosses a player defeats, the more cards they obtain.
Handball 16,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,3.0,E,EKO Software,Play with all your favorite teams in Handball 16, the first handball simulation. Discover a realistic game system, using a new physics and rendering engine, and enjoy fully redesigned controls for a more accessible game experience. Use all the real handball moves and tactics: the spin shot, hip shot, fake, dodge and jump shot. Play with all 68 teams from the three biggest European leagues, with all the players, kits and official statistics of the 2015-2016 season. Learn how to play with a help system that adapts to your play style and evolves as you progress.
Hard Reset Redux,PlayStation 4,Action,69,7.7,M,Flying Wild Hog,An action-focused and hardcore single-player shooter which embraces the paradigmatic qualities that the genre has it offer. It includes over-the-top destruction, myriads of enemies, weapon variety, a challenging campaign and a cyberpunk setting.
Hardware: Rivals,PlayStation 4,Simulation,56,5.5,E10+,SCEA,It’s tracks vs tires, armored tanks vs Fast Attack Vehicles (FAVs), in an all-terrain battle-fest of online multiplayer vehicular action. Plow through a range of unique combat arenas, claiming bounties, completing Challenges and wreaking terrible vengeance upon old adversaries. With multiple battle modes, regular community events and a range of perks to unlock as you progress, there’ll always be a chance to settle the score. [Playstation.com]
Harmonix Music VR,PlayStation 4,Action,43,5.3,E,Harmonix Music Systems,From a wacky dance party, to 3D reactive art, and even a nice relaxing alien beach, Harmonix Music VR promises to be the next evolution of your music library.
Hasbro Family Fun Pack,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Ubisoft,Hasbro Family Fun Pack is a brand-new compilation of endless fun. Family game nights have been reinvented, providing hours of entertainment with four classic titles. With modern twists and exciting new ways to play, your favorite Hasbro games have never been more enjoyable!
Hatoful Boyfriend,PlayStation 4,General,72,6.6,E10+,Mediatonic, Hato Moa,Congratulations! You’ve been accepted as the only human student at the prestigious St. PigeoNation’s Institute, a school for talented birds. Roam the halls and find love in between classes as a sophomore student at the world’s greatest pigeon high school.
Hatoful Boyfriend: Holiday Star,PlayStation 4,Adventure,58,2.8,E10+,Mediatonic, Hato Moa,The birds of Hatoful Boyfriend are back in the remastered holiday-themed sequel Hatoful Boyfriend: Holiday Star. Travel to out-there worlds, meet interesting new chickadees, and find romance in the elegantly designed winter wonderlands.
Hatsune Miku VR: Future Live,PlayStation 4,Action,60,5.5,T,SegaSoft, Sega,When you don your PS VR headset and put on those headphones, you get transported to Miku’s world. Surrounded by thousands of screaming fans, you raise up your glowstick, swinging in time to the music. As you get more into the concert, waving your controller and singing along out loud, the concert reacts to you, showering the stage in light and effects that exceed the constraints of our boring old physical world. [SEGA - Playstation.com]
Hatsune Miku: Project Diva X,PlayStation 4,Action,78,7.5,T,Sega,Hatsune Miku is back and bigger than ever on the PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita in the upcoming rhythm game, Hatsune Miku: Project DIVA X . For those new to Project DIVA, it is an addictive core rhythm game starring the digital singer, Hatsune Miku. Project DIVA X is driven forward though a narrative which centers on Miku and her friends undertaking various requests as they explore the five Clouds that make up their world. For the Miku veterans, Project DIVA X has 30 songs and 300 modules (costumes) that get dropped. Illustration by KEI.
HAWKEN,PlayStation 4,Action,56,5.5,T,Reloaded Games Inc., Reloaded Games,Hawken is a multiplayer mech combat game. The focus is on creating an intense and enjoyable battle experience that captures the feeling of piloting a heavy war machine while keeping the action fast-paced and strategic.
Headlander,PlayStation 4,Action,77,8.1,T,Double Fine Productions,Assume the role of the last known human in the universe, and all that's left of you is a disembodied head. Seeking clues to your fractured past, you must travel through a hostile world of machines using a special helmet that allows you to dock into and take control of any robotic host body. As you launch from one body to the next, you'll start to discover that things are not quite what they appear to be, and the fate of humanity has yet to be decided. From Double Fine Productions, Headlander is a a retro-futuristic, side-scrolling, action-adventure game set in a world inspired by 70’s science fiction. It's a world of automation, a utopia gone wrong in which all of humanity have transferred their minds into robotic imposter bodies and are ruled by a deranged computer.
Headmaster,PlayStation 4,Sports,74,7.5,E10+,Frame Interactive,NaN
Heart&Slash,PlayStation 4,Action,76,8.4,E10+,AHEARTFULOFGAMES,Heart&Slash is a 3D brawler roguelike robot love story set in a world where machines are all that remains from human civilization. You play as Heart, a sentient robot fighting to escape the grip of the evil and all seeing machine QuAsSy (Quality Assurance Systems). But make no mistake, Heart&Slash is no walk in the park. Every death is permanent and means a new randomly generated level for you to start over with a different set of weapons and items you can use, new enemies to fight and secrets to explore. Heart&Slash offers players something new and challenging because it is not about mastering one system, rather adapting to what is provided and making the most of it. [Playstation.com]
Heavy Rain,PlayStation 4,Adventure,78,7.7,M,Quantic Dream, Virtuos,Experience a gripping psychological crime thriller filled with innumerable twists and turns, where even the smallest actions and choices can cause dramatic consequences. The hunt is on for the Origami Killer, named after his calling card of leaving folded paper shapes on victims. Four characters, each with their own motives, take part in a desperate attempt to stop the killer from claiming a new victim.
Heavy Rain & Beyond: Two Souls Collection,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,78,8.2,NaN,Quantic Dream,Popular on PlayStation 3, these two titles have now been visually upgraded and brought together for fans to relive, and newcomers to enjoy for the first time.
Helldivers,PlayStation 4,Action,81,8.1,T,Arrowhead Game Studios,Set in a dystopian future, players fight to protect "Super Earth" where a managed democracy has mussed the lines between military and government rule. We are losing the war, and the HELLDIVERS are the last line of defense against three invading enemy species.
Here They Lie,PlayStation 4,Adventure,61,6.7,M,The Tangentlemen,Here They Lie is a psychological horror experience that injects you into a frightening, surreal world riddled with strange and malevolent creatures. Horrors lurk around every corner, just out of sight, haunting and infecting your mind. Dare yourself to go deeper down the rabbit hole and confront the meaning of your existence. The game focuses on narrative, and the experience of dread. [Tangentlemen]
Hitman,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,M,Io Interactive,HITMAN empowers players to perform contract hits on powerful, high-profile targets in exotic locations around the globe, from Paris and sunny coast of Italy to the dust and hustle of the markets in Marrakesh in this stealth action title. Gameplay centers on taking out targets in vast sandbox levels with complete freedom of approach. Where to go, when to attack and who to kill is at your discretion.
Hitman - Episode 2: Sapienza,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,84,6.9,NaN,Io Interactive,The 2nd installment of HITMAN finds Agent 47 traveling to the beautiful, sun-drenched coastal town of Sapienza, Italy. This episode adds a new story mission, new challenges, new weapons and gear, the Italian suit and of course new targets, opportunities and disguises.
Hitman - Episode 3: Marrakesh,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,75,7.2,NaN,Io Interactive,Hitman Episode 3: Marrakesh presents players with a range of new in-game Challenges and Opportunities that keep them busy along with an entirely new setting for Escalation Contracts and Elusive Targets.
Hitman - Episode 4: Bangkok,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,71,7.8,NaN,Io Interactive,While Agent 47 is quite the jet-setter, he rarely chooses to travel for pleasure. 47 is most certainly all work and no play. And so it is that he finds himself traveling to Thailand to bask in the natural beauty of exotic gardens, explore the Himmapan luxury hotel and resort’s exquisite interiors; and most importantly, take care of business. [Square Enix]
Hitman - Episode 5: Colorado,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,70,7.6,NaN,Io Interactive,In HITMAN Episode 5: Colorado, Agent 47 takes on his toughest assignment yet; an intense infiltration mission on a farm compound that has been converted into a private militia training camp. The story mission for Episode 5 is titled “Freedom Fighters” and is not one to be taken lightly. [Square Enix]
Hitman - Episode 6: Hokkaido,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Io Interactive,The Season Finale for HITMAN Season One features a mission called “Situs Inversus” and is the culmination of everything players will have learnt in terms of both gameplay and story. The Hokkaido location is set within the grounds of the hyper-exclusive GAMA private hospital and resort. This secluded facility is a fusion of Japanese beauty and cutting-edge technology, featuring its own Zen gardens, organic sushi restaurant and traditional Japanese hot spring. Agent 47 must locate two targets in this climactic Season Finale. 
Hitman - Intro Pack,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,77,5.0,NaN,Io Interactive,With the Intro Pack, you'll get an introduction to the world of HITMAN, with the Prologue and Paris episode. You'll get full access to Contracts Mode, Escalation Mode, elusive targets and all other live content.
Hitman GO: Definitive Edition,PlayStation 4,Strategy,77,6.1,E10+,Square Enix Montreal,Get your daily fix of Agent 47 with this elegant, strategy-based Hitman game.
Hitman: Summer Bonus Episode,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,79,8.0,NaN,Io Interactive,The Summer Bonus Episode consists of two separate ICA missions which catalogue Agent 47’s first trips to both Sapienza and Marrakesh. This Episode is not part of the story arc of HITMAN, being previous ICA missions they are set apart from the main story.
Hohokum,PlayStation 4,Adventure Games,75,6.3,E10+,Honeyslug Ltd,A whimsical, colorful game with an emphasis on playful exploration and creativity. 
Home: A Unique Horror Adventure,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,6.6,M,Benjamin Rivers,Home is a unique horror adventure set in a beautifully-realized pixel world. It's a murder mystery with a twist - because you decide what ultimately happens.
Homefront - The Voice of Freedom,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Deep Silver Dambuster Studios,Assume the role of Benjamin Walker, hero of the Resistance and the most wanted man in America. Now you are risking everything to infiltrate Philadelphia and ignite a revolution that will sweep the KPA out of America on a tide of bloody vengeance.
Homefront: The Revolution,PlayStation 4,Modern,48,3.7,M,Deep Silver Dambuster Studios,Coming to Xbox One, the all-in-one games and entertainment system from Microsoft, PlayStation 4, PC, Mac and Linux in 2015, Homefront: The Revolution throws players into a near future dystopia. Catastrophic events have brought the United States to its knees and enabled the Korean People's Army forces to impose a brutal military occupation. Trapped in this American nightmare, Philadelphia has become a police state, where surveillance drones and armored patrols keep her once-proud citizens at heel, crushing any dissent with totalitarian force.
HoPiKo,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Laser Dog,The evil Nanobyte virus is out, gaming is over… It’s time to hook up your power gloves and save your HoPiKo brothers. HoPiKo is a speed run platformer through which you get to save gaming. Jump from platform to platform avoiding death, exploiting shortcuts and ripping through hundreds of hand-crafted levels. [Playstation.com]
Horizon: Zero Dawn,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Guerrilla,Horizon Zero Dawn is a PS4-exclusive action role playing game developed by Guerrilla Games, creators of the Killzone franchise. As Horizon Zero Dawn’s main protagonist Aloy, a skilled hunter, explore a vibrant and lush world inhabited by mysterious mechanized creatures. Embark on an emotional journey to unravel mysteries of tribal societies, ancient artifacts and advanced technologies that will determine the fate of this planet, and of life itself.
Hot Shots Tennis,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Clap Hanz,Hot Shots Tennis is a fun, accessible sports game that's easy to pick up and play but very hard to put down. Taking the popular characters and ethos of the Everybody's Golf series, Hot Shots Tennis crams extra fun into every corner with a variety of gameplay modes for all occasions. Comprehensive training options allow you to get the very best out of your character, but it's possible to head straight onto the court and get some brilliant rallies going if that's what you want. Try the Challenge mode and take your player to the very top, or invite your friends and family to take part in an epic multiplayer match. However you play, Everybody is sure to have some fun.
Hotline Miami,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,8.4,M,Dennaton,Step into the neon-soaked underground of 1980s Miami as bizarre messages on your answering machine seem to be urging you to commit terrible acts of violence - but will you obey? Hotline Miami overflows with raw brutality and skull crushing close combat as you find yourself outgunned and using your wits to choreograph your way through impossible situations. An unmistakable visual style, a driving soundtrack, and a surreal plot that will have you question your own thirst for blood. Bash and blast through over 20 multiscreen levels with 35 unique weapons and collect 25 game-altering masks in one of the darkest and most unusual independent games on the scene.
Hotline Miami 2: Wrong Number,PlayStation 4,Action,75,7.8,M,Dennaton,A brutal conclusion to the gruesome saga, Hotline Miami 2: Wrong Number follows the escalating level of violence through multiple factions born from the events of the original game and driven by uncertain motivations. Step into the murderous mind of several distinct characters - each with their own motivations and methods of execution -- as storylines intersect and reality slips away into a haze of neon and carnage. Blistering combat, an unmistakable visual style, and a powerfully intense soundtrack will once again push you to the limit and questioning your own thirst for blood.
How to Survive: Storm Warning Edition,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,65,6.1,M,EKO Software,Survive on a zombie infested archipelago, satisfy your basic needs of food, water and shelter while facing natural and unnatural threats. An eccentric survival guide teaches you to craft dozens of weapons and tools: from fishing rods or bows, to chainsaws or explosives. Seven islands filled with exuberant flora and fauna.
Hue,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,77,8.2,E,Fiddlesticks Games,Hue is a puzzle-platformer through which you alter the world by changing its background color. You explore a dangerous grey land, unearthing colored fragments on a journey to find your missing mother. As obstacles match the background, they disappear, creating new puzzles full of peril, mystery, and colors unseen.
Hustle Kings,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,6.9,E,VooFoo Studios,Take a shot at the ultimate pool experience anywhere you go.
Hustle Kings VR,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,51,5.7,E,Sony Interactive Entertainment, EPOS Game Studios,Bring the world’s coolest pool halls into your world and make your break in style with 8-ball pool, snooker, black ball, killer, cut throat and many more slick game modes. Hustle your way around the world in 1-vs-1 league matches, tournaments and daily challenges, show off your cue skills in trick shot and puzzle challenges, or try your luck with some of the unique Hustle Kings crazy tables. With full PlayStation VR support, get a new dimension on your shots, work on your angles just like a real life game and immerse yourself in the pool halls of the future. [Playstation.com]
Hustle Kings: Extra Modes Pack,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,VooFoo Studios,NaN
Hustle Kings: Puzzle Exhibition Pack,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,VooFoo Studios,NaN
Hustle Kings: Snooker Exhibition,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,VooFoo Studios,NaN
Hyper Light Drifter,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,79,7.8,T,Heart Machine,Explore a beautiful, vast and ruined world riddled with unknown dangers and lost technologies. Inspired by nightmares and dreams alike. Hyper Light Drifter is a 2D Action RPG in the vein of the best 8-bit and 16-bit classics, with modernized mechanics and designs on a much grander scale.
Hyper Void,PlayStation 4,Action,70,7.5,E10+,IN|FRAMEZ TECHNOLOGY CORP.,A truly 3D space shmup that pushes it both on challenge and visual treat aspects.
I Am Bread,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,51,4.9,E10+,Just Add Water, Bossa Studios,The story of a solitary slice of bread's epic and emotional journey as it embarks upon a quest to become toasted. 
I Am Setsuna,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,74,7.5,E10+,Tokyo RPG Factory,Inspired by Chrono Trigger, I am Setsuna is an homage to the JRPG masterpieces of yesteryear. Journey with Setsuna as she prepares to make the ultimate sacrifice and save the people of her land.
In Space We Brawl,PlayStation 4,Action,54,4.4,E,Forge Reply,In Space We Brawl is a local multiplayer, twin stick shooter.
Indigo Prophecy,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,7.0,M,Quantic Dream,Play both hunter and hunted in this psycho thriller. Set in New York, Indigo Prophecy gives you the chance to speak, explore, interact, fight, and confront unknown dark forces. In the story, you can play as Lucas Kane, one of the many ordinary people that suddenly begin killing total strangers. Constantly burdened by strange visions, you must keep one step ahead of the police as you try to find out what's happening to you. Indigo Prophecy lets you control one of four characters and lets you make decisions that affect the storyline.
Indivisible,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Lab Zero Games,INDIVISIBLE is inspired by classics like Valkyrie Profile and Metroid, and has the unique character, world, and gameplay depth Lab Zero is known for.
inFamous: First Light,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,73,7.5,T,Sucker Punch,Locked away in a prison for super powered humans, Fetch is forced to relive tragedies from her past. Unravel her dark secret in Seattle while battling to escape snowy Curdun Cay and pursue vengeance against those who did her wrong.
inFamous: Second Son,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,80,7.9,T,Sucker Punch,inFAMOUS Second Son is an action adventure game in which, surrounded by a society that fears them, superhumans are ruthlessly hunted down and caged by the Department of Unified Protection. Step into a locked-down Seattle as Delsin Rowe, who has recently discovered his superhuman power and is now capable of fighting back against the oppressive DUP. Enjoy your power as you choose how you will push your awesome abilities to the limit and witness the consequences of your actions as they affect the city and people around you. [Playstation]
Infinifactory,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,70,tbd,T,Zachtronics Industries,nfinifactory is the spiritual successor to two of our most popular games: SpaceChem, the fiendishly difficult puzzle game that introduced the world to Zachtronics, and Infiniminer, which started the "block-game" genre.
Infinity Runner,PlayStation 4,Action,45,5.5,T,Wales Interactive Ltd.,The Infinity is the grandest spaceship ever built by mankind; thrust into the void of space to secure humanity a new home among the stars. However, instead of discovering paradise, the inhabitants of The Infinity unlocked the door to a long-forgotten nightmare.
Injustice: Gods Among Us - Ultimate Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,80,7.2,T,NetherRealm Studios,What if our greatest heroes became our greatest threat? Injustice: Gods Among Us Ultimate Edition features DC Comics icons such Batman, Cyborg, The Flash, Harley Quinn, Nightwing, Solomon Grundy, Superman and Wonder Woman, in a dark tale of power and corruption. Heroes and villains engage in epic battles on a massive scale in a world where the line between good and evil has been blurred.
Inner Kung Fu Game,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mind Body Aware Games LLC,NaN
INSIDE,PlayStation 4,Action,91,7.9,M,PLAYDEAD,Hunted and alone, a boy finds himself drawn into the center of a dark project. The second game from Limbo developer Playdead.
Inside My Radio,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Seaven Studio,Can you beat the beat? Journey as a green LED mysteriously trapped inside a dying boombox and play the ultimate musical experience. In this rhythmic platform adventure where your every action needs to be right on the beat, bring electro, dub and disco music back to life! 
Inversus,PlayStation 4,Action,79,5.6,E,Hypersect,Inversus is a minimalist action-strategy shooter for one to four players. Movement is constrained to opposite colors of a black and white grid. My walls are your paths and your walls are my paths. Each shot flips tile colors in an attempt to block, trap, and close in on the enemy. Firing a bullet opens up a path for you while also closing off a path for me. Both online and local couch play are supported. Fight for high scores on an ever-changing board. [Playstation.com]
Invisible, Inc. Console Edition,PlayStation 4,General,82,7.5,T,Klei Entertainment,Invisible, Inc. is a mercenary espionage agency operating in the latter years of the 21st century. Infiltrate procedurally generated corporate facilities in tense, turn-based missions where every move could be your last. Find profit in chaos as you guide your team around the world in search of lucrative contracts.
Invokers Tournament,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,2.5,T,StormBASIC Games,Fight your way through frenetic online battles in this new Action MOBA!
Ironcast,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,70,tbd,E10+,Dreadbit,Ironcast is a game of steampunk mech combat, set in a fictional version of the Victorian Era. Inspired by science fiction writers such as H.G. Wells and Jules Verne, Ironcast is set in an exciting alternative history; a time when refined men and women in top hats and bonnets commanded gigantic walking war machines, laying waste to the enemies of the British Empire!
Ironclad Tactics,PlayStation 4,Strategy,66,5.6,T,Zachtronics Industries,Ironclad Tactics is a fast-paced, card-based tactics game set in an alternate history Civil War - with steam-powered military robots!
J-Stars Victory Vs+,PlayStation 4,Action,61,6.4,T,Bandai Namco Games, Spike Chunsoft,J-STARS Victory Vs+ invites fans and gamers to play with their favorite manga/anime characters and progress in the JUMP World through different environments recalling NARUTO, DRAGON BALL Z, ONE PIECE and other memorable moments.
Jamestown+,PlayStation 4,Scrolling,83,7.6,E10+,Final Form Games, LLC,Jamestown: Legend Of The Lost Colony is a neo-classical top-down shooter for up to 4 players, set on 17th-century British Colonial Mars. It features all the intensity, depth, and lovingly handcrafted pixels of a classic arcade shooter, with a modern twist: deeply-integrated cooperative gameplay.
Jazzpunk: Director's Cut,PlayStation 4,Adventure,80,tbd,T,Necrophone,Jazzpunk is a stylized first-person adventure comedy. As the mysterious Agent Polyblank, you'll explore a variety of retro-futuristic locations, and perform all manner of gadget-driven capers. The tone of the game is cartoon cyberpunk; dense technology-infused locales, dripping with a fresh coat of colour and humour.
Jetpack Joyride,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Halfbrick Studios,You're going for a ride - from the creators of FRUIT NINJA! Join Barry as he breaks in to a secret laboratory to commandeer the experimental jetpacks from the clutches of science evildoers. After lift-off, simply touch the screen to ascend and release to descend, raining bullets, bubbles, rainbows and lasers downwards as you fly towards higher and higher scores!
Job Simulator,PlayStation 4,Action,77,7.0,E10+,Owlchemy Labs,The year is 2050. Robots cook, clean, service, and organize the world with precision and speed. Human occupations are now memories of the past; long gone are the nine-to-five jobs that ran the old world. Humans raised in our perfect automated society must not forget their ancient ancestors and history. This is why JobBot was born. JobBot created Job Simulator to teach humans what it is 'to job'. All praise to JobBot, for he is the keeper of human history. [Playstation.com]
Joe Dever's Lone Wolf Console Edition,PlayStation 4,Adventure,79,7.5,T,Forge Reply,Lone Wolf is back in video game form with a brand-new story and a deep combat system. Acclaimed author Joe Dever played an active role in the development of the game and his new narrative follows on from his classic 1980’s gamebook, shedding a new light on Lone Wolf’s world, Magnamund. The Console Edition includes all 4 acts of the story. Are you ready to write your own destiny?
Joe's Diner,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,UIG Entertainment,Keep things calm to not incur the angry chieftains' wrath in this very special Arcade-Adventure. Somewhere along the venerable Route 7, in the middle of nowhere, you will find Joe's Diner. As an employee working the graveyard shift for the next month, your primary task is to keep the tables clean  no tough challenge at all. Unfortunately, there is a rub to it. The old Diner was built on the site of a former Indian cemetery. Amongst the buried, two rival chieftains lay to rest; while alive, each could not stand the other. One chieftain endeavors only to rest in peace. The other, a prankster both in life and the afterlife, is prone to ruffle the feathers of his fellow chief. Besides your tasks as a waiter, it is up to you to keep things calm and not incur the angry chieftains' wrath. To lay them both to everlasting rest just do your duty. Sounds easy but it is not  promised.
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Eyes of Heaven,PlayStation 4,Action,61,7.4,T,CyberConnect2,Featuring a new two-on-two battle system, larger arenas, more characters, all the DLC previously released in Japan, and a new scenario from Hirohiko Araki’s epic series, get ready to experience the House of Joestar like never before.
Jotun: Valhalla Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,72,tbd,T,Thunder Lotus Games,In Jotun, you play Thora, a Norse warrior who has died an inglorious death and must face the challenges of Viking purgatory to prove herself to the Gods and enter Valhalla.
Journey,PlayStation 4,Action,92,8.3,E,Tricky Pixels,The pioneers that brought you the award-winning PlayStation Network titles flOw & Flower are back with another title that challenges traditional gaming conventions. With Journey, thatgamecompany (TGC) continues its tradition of delivering simple gameplay and accessible controls in a rich interactive environment that invites players to explore and experience emotional chords that are still uncommon in video games.
Journey Collector's Edition,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,8.4,E,SCE Australia,The Journey Collector's Edition features all three best-selling games from acclaimed indie developer thatgamecompany, Journey, Flower, and flOw, for one low price. The collection also includes a wealth of exclusive bonus content that fans are sure to love, making this the ultimate edition for collectors to cherish for years to come.
Just Cause 3,PlayStation 4,Sci-Fi,73,6.5,M,Avalanche Studios,Set in the bucolic Mediterranean island republic of Medici, a land crumbling under the brutal rule of General Di Ravello, you assume control of franchise's hero Rico Rodriguez, a man on a mission to liberate his homeland and the people of Medici...by any means necessary. With over four hundred square miles of utter freedom from sky to seabed and a massive arsenal of weaponry, gadgets and vehicles, prepare to unleash chaos in the most creative and explosive ways you can dream up.
Just Cause 3: Air, Land, & Sea Expansion Pass,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Avalanche Studios,The Air, Land and Sea Expansion Pass includes 3 incredible DLC packs and exclusive Flame Wingsuit and Parachute Skins, which no fan will want to miss!
Just Cause 3: Bavarium Sea Heist,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,2.4,NaN,Avalanche Studios,NaN
Just Cause 3: Mech Land Assault,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,3.8,NaN,Avalanche Studios,Mech Land Assault takes Rico Rodriques to the island of Lacrima, home to an abandoned eDen research facility and a prison camp ran by mysterious “Black Hand”. The island is defended by powerful Mechs so Rico will need the new Bavarium Power Core rifle to disable their shield and hijack them. Once Rico is inside he can use their powerful cannons and new GRIP Gravity Guns to hurls and mash the enemy into pieces.
Just Cause 3: Sky Fortress,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,72,7.6,NaN,Avalanche Studios,Just Cause 3: Sky Fortress is the first PDLC pack from the Air, Land & Sea Expansion pass. Be the master of the skies with Rico's all new and fully armed, Bavarium Wingsuit. Save Medici from the threat of the terrifying Sky Fortress and its army of deadly robotic drones. This content pack includes new missions, challenges, the "Bavarium Splitter" assault rifle and the "Evictor" personal defence drone, all of which can be carried over into the main game.
Just Cause 3: XL Edition,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Avalanche Studios,The Air, Land and Sea Pass includes 3 incredible DLC packs and exclusive Flame Wingsuit and Parachute Skins, which no fan will want to miss!
Just Dance 2014,PlayStation 4,Action,75,5.5,E10+,Ubisoft,Just Dance 2014, the sequel to Just Dance 4, is bringing all new moves with features for every motion control platform and over 40 of the hottest tracks and dances.
Just Dance 2015,PlayStation 4,Action,72,5.8,E10+,Ubisoft,Since its launch in 2009, the Just Dance franchise has become the world’s top selling dance video game and a mainstay of popular culture. And the game is back again this year with Just Dance 2015, bringing hot moves and new features to 40+ current hit songs and throwback favorite tunes. Let loose with friends and family by dancing to hit songs like “Happy” by Pharrell Williams and “Burn” by Ellie Goulding. Staying true to the Just Dance personality, there are also legendary favorites like “Walk This Way” by Run DMC & Aerosmith and a chance to dance to Tetris moves!  Get ready for this year’s fun and quirky dance moves that have something for everyone in your family or group of friends.
Just Dance 2016,PlayStation 4,Action,73,6.8,E10+,Ubisoft,Bust some moves to "Uptown Funk" by Mark Ronson ft. Bruno Mars and feel the beats in "All About That Bass" by Meghan Trainor.
Just Dance 2017,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Ubisoft Paris,Grab your friends and family because it's time to dance! The biggest music video game franchise of all time is back, with over 60 million units sold. Just Dance 2017 brings you over 40 new tracks, six game modes, updated content all year long and access to 200+ songs through Just Dance Unlimited! 
Just Sing,PlayStation 4,Action,60,7.0,E10+,Ubisoft,Featuring a tracklist, including smash hits from Sia, Justin Bieber, Meghan Trainor, and more, you'll always be in tune. With the free Just Sing Companion app, your smartphone is all you need to play.
Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes,PlayStation 4,First-Person,89,7.1,E10+,Steel Crate Games,One player is trapped in a virtual room with a ticking time bomb they must defuse. The other players are the “Experts” who must give the instructions to defuse the bomb by deciphering the information found in the bomb defusal manual. But there’s a catch: the experts can’t see the bomb, so everyone will need to talk it out – fast.
Kerbal Space Program,PlayStation 4,Simulation,77,6.0,E,Flying Tiger Development, Squad,In Kerbal Space Program you must build a space-worthy ship, capable of flying its crew out into space without killing any of them. At your disposal is a collection of parts, which must be assembled to create a functional craft. Each part has its own function and will affect the way a ship flies (or does not). So strap yourself in, and get ready to try some Rocket Science.
Kholat,PlayStation 4,Adventure,64,5.8,T,IMGN.PRO,Kholat was developed by independent studio IMGN.PRO, inspired by true events known as the "Dyatlov Pass Incident". We follow the path of a group of Russian students which went for an expedition in the northern Ural Mountains. The team does not reach its goal, the entire crew dies in mysterious circumstances. The player is thrown into the area where the tragedy occurred, years after the actual event, with a chance to discover the real course of the tragedy. Atmosphere of anxiety is dosed based on what the player is doing, making each gameplay a unique experience. [IMGN.PRO]
Kick & Fennick,PlayStation 4,Action,73,tbd,E10+,Jaywalkers Interactive,Kick & Fennick is a platform adventure about Kick, a young boy with a very big gun, and a small flying robot named Fennick.
KickBeat: Special Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,60,4.0,T,Zen Studios,KickBeat offers players several innovative ways to interact with music. The game combines beat-matching mechanics with an acrobatic style of martial arts, turning every song into a raucous battle. The game also features a music analyzer that allows players to create new tracks from their own music libraries.
Kill Strain,PlayStation 4,Action,53,7.4,T,SCEA San Diego Studios,Kill Strain is a top-down, competitive twin-stick action shooter with a monumental twist where three teams are pitted against each other for domination. Featuring innovative 5v5v2 gameplay, two teams of five players battle to contain-and-control a mysterious and powerful energy source codenamed 'The Strain' that has been discovered in research facilities. The humans are not alone in these remote locations, as two additional players take on the roles of mutants. Endowed with additional abilities when in contact with 'TheStrain', the mutant team wreaks havoc on the humans to spread 'The Strain' further on the field; turning humans into mutants along the way and creating a more powerful force.
Killing Floor 2,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Tripwire Interactive,In KILLING FLOOR 2 players descend into continental Europe where the outbreak caused by Horzine Biotech’s failed experiment has quickly spread and gained unstoppable momentum, essentially paralyzing the European Union— Just one month after the events in the original KILLING FLOOR, the specimen clones are everywhere and civilization is in disarray; communications have failed, governments have collapsed, and military forces have been systematically eradicated. The people of Europe know survival and self-preservation too well and lucky survivors have gone into hiding.
Killzone: Shadow Fall,PlayStation 4,Action,73,6.8,M,Guerrilla,The events of Killzone Shadow Fall take place thirty years after the events of Killzone 3. Set in a time of planetary colonization, the game focuses on the conflict between the Vektans and the Helghast, two rival colonist factions inhabiting a remote planet. For 3 decades, both factions have lived side by side, separated by an enormous security wall – but now their cold war is about to run hot. It is up to Lucas Kellan, a member of the military intelligence unit dubbed the Shadow Marshals, to try to protect the fragile peace that exists. A new warrior for a new era of war, Kellan 's missions will range from quiet infiltrations to all-out combat. Lucas will need to be methodical and ready to adapt, as any misstep could lead to mutually assured destruction.
Killzone: Shadow Fall - Intercept,PlayStation 4,Action,72,6.9,M,Guerrilla,In this online co-op expansion for Killzone Shadow Fall, you and three of your friends are tasked with establishing a secure uplink to VSA headquarters from behind enemy lines while fending off an army of Helghast soldiers. To complete your mission, the four of you will have to rely on solid teamwork and make the most of your unique combat roles.
Kinetica,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,T,SCE Santa Monica,Engineered to provide maximum speed and maneuverability. Slip into a kinetic suit and harness the ability to scale walls, execute intricate stunts and reach terminal velocity. Pure speed never looked so good.
King Oddball,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,64,4.6,E10+,10tons Ltd,The gameplay is based on pressing a button at precisely the right moment. The King picks up a rock with his tongue and swings it back and forth like a pendulum. The rock is released when you hit X. It’s not just a simple test of timing though: After the first few levels, you’ll need to crush more enemies than you have rocks for. That, in turn, requires careful strategy and anticipation of how the chain reactions will unfold. We’ve tuned the physics model to pretty extreme accuracy, so relying solely on luck won’t work. [Playstation.com]
King's Quest Chapter 1: A Knight to Remember,PlayStation 4,Adventure,77,7.3,E10+,The Odd Gentlemen,King’s Quest is a collection of 5 different chapter releases, each focusing on an untold tale in Graham’s past. In each installment, an aging King Graham reflects on his life of adventure with his granddaughter, Gwendolyn, while players are thrust back to influence first-hand the decisions and events that shaped a kingdom. Embark on an extraordinary journey across the world of Daventry. [Sierra]
King's Quest Chapter 2: Rubble Without a Cause,PlayStation 4,Adventure,68,4.6,E10+,The Odd Gentlemen,Kings Quest - Chapter 1: A Knight to Remember is required to play this content and is sold separately.
King's Quest Chapter 3: Once Upon a Climb,PlayStation 4,Adventure,79,6.1,E10+,The Odd Gentlemen,Continuing Sierra and The Odd Gentlemen’s modern reimagining of the classic adventure game series, Once Upon A Climb focuses on King Graham’s quest to rescue his future bride—Queen Valanice—from the wicked witch Hagatha’s tower.
King's Quest Chapter 4: Snow Place Like Home,PlayStation 4,Adventure,67,6.3,E10+,The Odd Gentlemen,In his latest adventure, King Graham recounts the time he had to rescue Prince Alexander from Queen Icebella's Frozen Castle. 
King's Quest Chapter 5: The Good Knight,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,The Odd Gentlemen,In his latest adventure, King Graham tells of his final battle with the Goblin Sorcerer Manannan and his final adventure. 
Kingdom Hearts HD 2.8 Final Chapter Prologue,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Square Enix,NaN
Kingdom Hearts HD I.5 + II.5 Remix,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Square Enix,NaN
KISMET,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Psyop,NaN
Kitten Squad,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,4.0,T,Nine Tales Digital,Kittens killing robots (for a good cause)! Sadistic robots have enslaved orcas at SeaLand Marine Park. The evil Sheep Puncher robot has kidnapped sheep for the twisted wool industry.
Klaus,PlayStation 4,Action,76,7.6,E10+,La Cosa Entertainment,KLAUS follows an office worker who awakens in a basement with no idea of who or where he is. With his only clue being the word "KLAUS" tattooed on his arm. He is forced to escape the mechanical & constructivist world in which he finds himself a prisoner. Another playable character: K1, a friendly brute damaged by prolonged imprisonment, embarking on an existential journey, exploring the idea of the fourth wall and awareness of the player playing the game.
Knack,PlayStation 4,Action,54,6.5,E10+,SCE Japan Studio,Knack is an action game for the PlayStation 4 announced by lead system architect Mark Cerny at the PlayStation Meeting. Players take control of a robot named Knack who is created to help neutralize the goblin threat that has taken over the peaceful land.
Knock-knock,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,51,7.7,E,Ice-Pick Lodge,There is a wooden house standing in the thick of the forest. A single man resides there. As of late the house is visited by unusual Guests which knock on the window shutters inviting the hermit to take part in a game of hide-and-seek. The winning condition is simple, you have to remain alive and to retain your sanity till sunrise. This means that approaching the Visitors head-on might be a terrible idea. [Playstation.com]
Knot,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Warlock Arts,Rediscover the world of Chinese knots with this beautiful 3D puzzle game. With its realistic graphics, Knot will fully immerse you into its world.
Koi,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,51,6.5,E,Oasis Games,KOI reflects a tranquil and mesmerizing experience as you embark on an introspective journey through the lens of a lone koi fish separated from its owner and is the last hope for purifying waters polluted by mankind. It’s up to you to turn the tide and guide the koi through eight artfully rendered stages that will take you into the murky as well as enchanting waters, deep below the surface.
Kombat Pack 1,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NetherRealm Studios,NaN
Kombat Pack 2,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NetherRealm Studios,NaN
Krinkle Krusher,PlayStation 4,Action,52,6.4,E10+,Ilusis Interactive Graphics,Krinkle Krusher is an action castle defense in which you cast elemental spells to defend your kingdom from the twisted and hungry creatures called Krinkles. After several generations of peace, they happen to come back exactly when the Ancient Tree bears its first fruits in centuries and of course a cake was made from it.
Kromaia Omega,PlayStation 4,Action,68,7.5,E10+,Kraken Empire,Kromaia Ω is a highly-immersive shmup; a journey that is quite unlike any other that mixes technology and myth for an innovative gameplay experience. Players will explore new worlds protected by giant god-like guardians, filled with ancient temple ruins, and littered with puzzles to solve and treasures to collect.
Kung Fu Panda: Showdown of Legendary Legends,PlayStation 4,Action,63,6.8,E10+,Vicious Cycle,It is an era of Kung Fu heroes, warriors, and most significant of all, Legendary Legends. Fight alongside Po, Tigress, Monkey, Tai Lung, Master Shifu, and all of your familiar Kung Fu Panda characters to compete in the Showdown of Legendary Legends. Up to 4 players brawl in iconic locations throughout the Valley of Peace and beyond. Compete in an epic Tournament in which all Kung Fu warriors contend for honor and glory.
Kung Fury: Street Rage,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.8,T,Hello There,Start the game and beat Nazis until your fingers bleed.
Kyurinaga's Revenge,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Recotechnology S.L.,Kyurinaga’s Revenge is a 2D-based game with lots of platforming, action, and puzzles. Battle alongside our two heroes: the samurai Kaoru Tamanegi and the street fighter Broccoli Joe all across Feudal Japan in their new adventure. [Playstation.com]
LA Cops,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,5.2,M,Modern Dream,Listen Up! This city is being overrun by low life and filth. Its time to toughen up, fight back. Lets forget the rules and start cleaning up these streets, our way. Theres a lot of bad guys out there so I dont want you going in alone. Partner up and remember. In LA Cops, your Buddies always got ya back. LA Cops is a fast, action packed 3D top down shooter, set in the seedy underbelly of 1970s LA where you control a maverick bunch of cops, playing by their own rules. The downloadable version of this game supports English, French, German, Spanish, Polish, Russian.
Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris,PlayStation 4,Action,74,6.7,T,Nixxes Software,Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is the sequel to Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light. In her new adventure, Lara Croft travels to Egypt and realized she must join forces with rival treasure hunter Carter Bell and imprisoned gods Horus and Isis to defeat the evil god Set. Featuring a 4-player co-op story, players must work together to explore the temple, defeat hordes of enemies from the Egyptian underworld, solve devious puzzles, and avoid deadly traps. At the same time, players compete for treasure, powerful artifacts, and ultimate bragging rights. 
Laserlife,PlayStation 4,Action,65,tbd,E,Choice Provisions,Laserlife is an interactive biography focusing on a dead astronaut floating through deep space who is discovered by future intelligent beings who have no notion of humankind.
Last Wings,PlayStation 4,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Vertice Games,Last Wings is an air combat game, developed in a mixed environment between 2D and 3D. Play alone or in a team of up to four players on local mode, but if you prefer, start a battle on online mode with up to 10 players and challenge the greatest competitors of this war.
LASTFIGHT,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Piranaking,Two-on-two 3D fighting. Pick up any available object in one of the eight stages and teach your opponents a lesson. Play in a local multiplayer mode or solo story mode with a cast of 10 characters inspired by the comic book Lastman. [Playstation.com]
Layers of Fear,PlayStation 4,Adventure,75,8.2,M,Bloober Team,Layers of Fear is a psychedelic horror where you take control over an insane painter in his quest to finish his magnum opus.
Layers of Fear: Inheritance,PlayStation 4,Adventure,61,8.0,M,Bloober Team,NaN
Layers of Fear: Masterpiece Edition,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Bloober Team,Layers of Fear: Masterpiece Edition includes both Layers of Fear and the Inheritance DLC in a single, horror-filled package.
Legend of Kay Anniversary,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,62,6.4,E10+,Neon Studios, Kaiko,Ten years after its original release, Legend of Kay - Anniversary is a remastered version of the initial game: high-resolution textures; new, more detailed character models; modern rendering techniques and crystal-clear surround sound promise to give this great classic a new shine.
LEGO Batman 3: Beyond Gotham,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,73,7.1,E10+,TT Games,Batman joins up with the super heroes of the DC Comics universe and blasts off to outer space to stop the evil Brainiac from destroying Earth. Using the power of the Lantern Rings, Brainiac miniaturizes worlds to add to his demented collection of mini cities from around the galaxy. Te greatest super heroes and the most cunning villains must now unite and travel to different Lantern Worlds to collect the Lantern Rings and stop Brainiac before nothing more can be done.
LEGO Dimensions,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,80,7.3,E10+,Traveller's Tales,LEGO characters from a melding of some of the most recognizable brands in the universe join forces and battle in worlds outside of their own. A Dark Knight, a Wizard, and a LEGO Master Builder traveling together down the Yellow Brick Road is just the beginning.
LEGO Harry Potter Collection,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,73,tbd,E10+,Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment,The Lego Harry Potter Collection brings Years 1-4 and Years 5-7 to PS4 for the first time with both games remastered on one disc. This compilation unites the creative skills of Lego and the expansive world of Harry Potter, with a journey full of spell-casting, potion-making, puzzle-solving, lessons, dueling, and much more for players of all ages to enjoy. [Playstation.com]
LEGO Jurassic World,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,70,7.0,E10+,TT Games,Following the epic storylines of Jurassic Park, The Lost World: Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park III, as well as the highly anticipated Jurassic World, LEGO Jurassic World is the first videogame where players will be able to relive and experience all four Jurassic films.
LEGO Marvel Super Heroes,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,83,7.7,E10+,TT Games,LEGO Marvel Super Heroes features an original story where players take control of Iron Man, Spider-Man, the Hulk, Captain America, Wolverine and many other Marvel characters as they unite to stop Loki and a myriad of other Marvel villains from assembling a super-weapon capable of destroying the world.
LEGO Marvel's Avengers,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,71,7.0,E10+,TT Games,Avengers Assemble!  Experience the first console videogame featuring characters and storylines from the blockbuster film Marvel’s The Avengers and the much anticipated sequel Marvel’s Avengers: Age of Ultron, and more. Play as the most powerful Super Heroes in their quest to save humanity.
LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,78,7.4,E10+,TT Games,Experience untold adventures set before Star Wars: The Force Awakens through exclusive new story levels that takes place between Star Wars: Return of the Jedi and the new film. Play as all of the heroic characters from the movie, including Rey, Finn, Poe Dameron, Han Solo, Chewbacca, C-3PO, and BB-8, as well as Kylo Ren, General Hux and Captain Phasma, while exploring classic Star Wars locales, such as Jakku and Starkiller Base, and utilizing a multitude of vehicles along the way. [LEGO]
LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens - Droid Character Pack,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,TT Games,NaN
LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens - Jabba's Palace Character Pack,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,TT Games,NaN
LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens - The Empire Strikes Back Character Pack,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,TT Games,NaN
LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens - The Freemaker Adventures Character Pack,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,TT Games,NaN
LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens - The Prequel Trilogy Character Pack,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,TT Games,NaN
LEGO The Hobbit,PlayStation 4,Historic,72,6.6,E10+,TT Games,From the makers of LEGO The Lord of the Rings, comes LEGO The Hobbit, inspired by the first two films in The Hobbit Trilogy: The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey and The Hobbit: Desolation of Smaug as well as the collection  of LEGO The Hobbit constructions sets.  The interactive game of LEGO The Hobbit allows gamers to play along with their favorite scenes from the films, and follows the Hobbit Bilbo Baggins as he is recruited by the Wizard Gandalf to aid Thorin Oakenshield and his Company of Dwarves. Bilbo leaves the comforts of the Shire on a journey through Middle-earth to help the Dwarves reclaim their lost Kingdom of Erebor within the Lonely Mountain. Along the way, he is introduced to ravenous Trolls, dangerous Orcs and, of course, Gollum and his precious Ring.  Players utilize and combine the Dwarves’ unique abilities to solve a diverse array of Quests.
Leo's Fortune,PlayStation 4,Action,66,6.1,E,1337 & Senri LLC,Leos Fortune is a platform adventure game where you hunt down the cunning and mysterious thief that stole your gold. Beautifully hand-crafted levels bring the story of Leo to life in this epic adventure.
Let's Sing 2016,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Voxler,Pick up your mic and sing. Features 35 chart hits from some of the world's biggest artists, Let's Sing gives you the stage to be the star you know you are! Play with friends and go head to head in Battle mode or put your talents together in Duet mode. With seven exciting ways to play, the party should, theoretically, never stop.
Letter Quest: Grimm's Journey Remastered,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,73,6.8,E,Bacon Bandit Games,Have you ever wondered what would happen if you crossed Scrabble with an RPG? Now you don’t have to, because Letter Quest is here. Help Grimm and Rose, a couple of cute grim reapers, defeat monsters, ghosts, evil bunnies, and more using the power of words. [Playstation.com]
LEVEL 22,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Noego,Gary is an office worker who oversleeps after a drunken night out on the town. Here’s where it gets tricky, because this isn’t the first time Gary’s been late for work, and he could be fired if he’s spotted arriving at his desk after everyone else yet again. So he’ll have to prove he’s smart and sneaky enough to make his way up all the 22 floors between him and his office without being seen.
Lichdom: Battlemage,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,1.2,M,Xaviant Games,Lichdom: Battlemage is a first-person caster that gives the Mage the spotlight in a way never before seen in games. With limitless magical power at your disposal and brutal enemies around every corner, victory hinges on a combination of skill and strategy. You must carefully craft a vast array of spells and learn to cast them in the heat of combat.
Lichtspeer,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,64,6.6,T,Lichthund,Lichtspeer is an action arcade lightspear-throwing simulator based in an ancient Germanic future. In a land filled with Wurst Zombies and Hipster Ice Giants, survival is an art. Grab your lightspear, become a Germonaut, and traverse lands straight out of Germanic myths. Survive with style and expand your powers to fight for the glory and amusement of the almighty Gods. [Playstation.com]
Life Goes On: Done to Death,PlayStation 4,Action,77,7.2,E10+,Infinite Monkeys,Life Goes On: Done to Death is a comically-morbid platformer where you guide heroic knights to their demise and use the dead bodies to solve puzzles. Wanting to live forever, a mighty king sends his army of knights to find the Cup of Life. On this quest, you will summon knight after knight to be brutally sacrificed. As you journey through treacherous and trap-ridden worlds, you’ll show no mercy to solve each challenging puzzle.
Life is Strange,PlayStation 4,Sci-Fi,85,8.6,M,DONTNOD Entertainment,Life is Strange is a hand drawn work of art and every action enacts a butterfly effect - but with the power to rewind time, what would you change? And would it turn out to be a change for the better or worse?
Life is Strange: Episode 1 - Chrysalis,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,75,8.2,M,DONTNOD Entertainment,Chrysalis is an introduction to the world of Life is Strange. You’ll see Max and Chloe reunite and you’ll make important choices that will influence their destiny. You will observe some of the short-term consequences of those choices but know that there are also mid and long-term repercussions that will pan out over the course of the later episodes, in a butterfly effect manner. [DONTNOD]
Life is Strange: Episode 2 - Out of Time,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,78,8.4,M,DONTNOD Entertainment,Reunited with her friend Chloe, Max begins experimenting with her power and starts to wonder if it is related to her visions or the weird snow from the previous day. But life goes on in Blackwell Academy and a certain viral video has become a serious topic of discussion. Meanwhile, what DID happen to Rachel Amber? 
Life is Strange: Episode 3 - Chaos Theory,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,81,8.4,M,DONTNOD Entertainment,In the third installment of Life is Strange, Max & Chloe ramp up their investigation to find out what exactly is going on at Blackwell Academy and the whereabouts of Rachel Amber. Secrets will be uncovered and Max will find another use for her power.
Life is Strange: Episode 4 - Dark Room,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,81,8.6,M,DONTNOD Entertainment,Darkroom follows the antics of series protagonist, Max, as she attempts to uncover the mystery behind the disappearance of Rachel Amber and get to the bottom of the bizarre happenings in Arcadia Bay. With the ‘End of the World’ party on the horizon, time is running out for Max to become the saviour of the town.
Life is Strange: Episode 5 - Polarized,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,81,8.4,M,DONTNOD Entertainment,In Episode 5: Polarized Max learns that time is impossible to control as she moves inexorably towards the most agonizing decision of her life. Arcadia Bay, meanwhile, is preparing to weather a huge storm as Life is Strange comes to a gripping and gut wrenching conclusion.
Lifeless Planet: Premier Edition,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,60,5.5,T,Stage 2 Studios,Lifeless Planet is a new 3D PC action adventure, independently developed by David Board and Alaska-based Stage 2 Studios and to be published world-wide by Lace Mamba Global in Q4 2012. The game puts players in the moon-boots of a volunteer astronaut on a one-way mission to a life-bearing planet far outside our solar system. But after a rough landing, the promise of a new Earth soon fades with the discovery that the planet he was to explore is now barren and inhospitable.
LIMBO,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,7.8,T,PLAYDEAD,LIMBO, a black and white puzzle-platforming adventure, puts players in the role of a young boy traveling through an eerie and treacherous world in an attempt to discover the fate of his sister.
Lithium: Inmate 39,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Canu Arts,Lithium Inmate 39 is a horror-puzzler which tells the story of a psychiatric patient who must find his way back to his origins, discovering his past and uncovering the secrets buried within his mind.
LittleBigPlanet 3,PlayStation 4,Action,79,7.1,E,Sumo Digital,Sackboy, the knitted knight has been pre-loaded with an new climbing ability and brand-new power-ups including the Pumpinator. In LittleBigPlanet 3, explore a world riddled with creativity as you explore all areas of the Imagisphere, accost the inhabitants of the mysterious planet Bunkum and confront the nefarious Newton. Meet a variety of surprises that the LittleBigPlanet Community have created and shared for you to enjoy, with new levels and games to play every day. Then, if you’re feeling inspired, flex your creative muscles with the customization tools, to bring your own imagination to life in LittleBigPlanet 3. [Playstation]
Livelock,PlayStation 4,Action,68,8.2,T,Tuque Games,Livelock is a cooperative top-down shooter in which you play solo or with up to 2 allies to break the cycle of infinite war between machines. As one of the remaining Capital Intellects, your role is to unlock Eden and revive humanity. [Playstation.com]
Loading Human: Chapter 1,PlayStation 4,Adventure,53,8.1,T,Untold Games,Engage with each aspect of your environment and develop complex relationships. Travel to otherworldly and futuristic locations on the South Pole. Hear your character's thoughts, see his hands, and move your head to view your surroundings from his point of view for a highly immersive experience. Make difficult decisions and solve dilemmas that will move the story forward.
Loadout,PlayStation 4,Action,59,5.9,M,Edge of Reality,Loadout is a new free-to-play take on fast-paced, multiplayer shooters. Players invent and customize their own outrageous weapons to carry into furious, over-the-top shooter action that truly distinguishes itself from the vast array of modern combat titles. Earn new weapon parts, character customizations, equipment, and accessories as you gain prestige and wealth. The more you play, the more you can customize. There are endless possibilities to truly set yourself apart from your opponents. We'll continue to update Loadout with new items, customizations, game-play modes, features and much more.
Lone Survivor: The Director's Cut,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.0,T,Curve Studios, superflat games,From the creator of Soul Brother and Soundless Mountain II, comes an original and adult Psychological Horror.
Lords of the Fallen,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,68,6.6,M,City Interactive, Deck 13,Lords of the Fallen is a hardcore action-RPG featuring an advanced combat systems and robust class skill trees. Set in a richly created fantasy world where the Gods have failed mankind, players will take on the role of a human named Harkyn who sets out on a quest to stand against an apparently unstoppable supernatural force. Players travel across a world that is deeply dived by those that follow and others that resist, the Fallen God. Along their journey they will be faced with a series of decisions that will alter both the world and their character thus dramatically impacting the storyline.
Lords of the Fallen - Ancient Labyrinth,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,5.1,NaN,City Interactive,Discover a new campaign in the long-forgotten library, locked away between the human and demonic realms millennia ago. Uncover the mysteries hidden in the mazes corridors and lay waste to the undead followers of the fallen god roaming within it. Find your way to the most powerful Lord in the Rhogar army and end his demonic reign.
Lords of the Fallen: Complete Edition,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.7,NaN,Deck 13,Includes: Ancient Labyrinth, Demonic Weapons Pack, The Monk's Decipher, Lionheart Pack, The Foundation Boost, and The Arane Boost.
Lost Orbit,PlayStation 4,Action,77,7.5,T,PixelNAUTS,LOST ORBIT tells the story of Harrison, an astronaut and his struggle to return home. Despite his lack of resources, Harrison will relentlessly strive to survive hopeless conditions. Along his mission he encounters evidence that his accident was not an isolated incident and confronts a strange and dangerous alien race.
Lost Sea,PlayStation 4,Strategy,59,7.8,E10+,EastAsiaSoft,Lost Sea is a 3D strategy-action game that takes place inside a procedurally generated archipelago. It's up to the player to form a ragtag crew of survivors and explore the surrounding islands as they hunt for the necessary resources to upgrade their ship and escape the Bermuda Triangle.
LOUD on Planet X,PlayStation 4,Action,72,tbd,T,Pop Sandbox,Loud is a strange mash-up of two genres — rhythm tap and tower defence. Choose from a cross-section of top indie music artists, then defend your stage from hordes of quirky aliens by tapping to the music and using a fun assortment of makeshift weapons like speakers, strobe lights, fog machines, amplifiers, bouncers and custom special attacks. [Playstation.com]
Lovely Planet,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,QUICKTEQUILA,With boots of speed on your feet, an infinite supply of bullets for your semi-automatic and the ability to jump over twice your own height, you're well equipped to go up against any enemy on your quest to reach Lovely Planet. Balance between jumping around dodging bullets and taking aim for a better shot at your enemies, don't waste time camping at cover spots and waiting for enemies to pop out - artfully evade the onslaught of bullets and defeat all baddies that stand in your way.
Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime,PlayStation 4,Action,82,6.8,E10+,Asteroid Base,Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime is a frantic 1- or 2-player couch co-op action space shooter set in a massive neon battleship. Only through teamwork can you triumph over the evil forces of Anti-Love, rescue kidnapped space-bunnies, and avoid a vacuumy demise. Deep space is a dangerous place, but you don't have to face it alone.
Lumo,PlayStation 4,Action,73,6.5,E10+,Triple Eh? Ltd,As a contemporary take on the long-lost isometric platform genre, Lumo can be enjoyed by anyone looking for an absorbing, challenging and rewarding adventure. But for those who lived through the golden age of videogames – the 80s and early 90s – or know about the games and culture from that time, layer upon layer of nods, winks and touches to those times help build upon the experience. [Playstation.com]
Machinarium,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Amanita Design,Machinarium is an independent puzzle / adventure game developed by the makers of web-games Samorost and Samorost2. A little robot who's been thrown out to the scrap yard behind the city must return and confront the Black Cap Brotherhood and save his robot-girl friend.
Mad Max,PlayStation 4,Action,69,7.8,M,Avalanche Studios,Mad Max places players in the role of a lone warrior who must embark on a journey to reclaim his stolen interceptor from a deadly gang of marauders.
Madden NFL 15,PlayStation 4,Sports,81,6.1,E,EA Sports,New defense features and mechanics allow fans to confront their rivals with an arsenal of new pass rush moves, new open-field tackling mechanics, two new defensive cameras and more. For the first time, you can determine exactly when the ball-carrier is in your tackling range, and choose either a conservative tackle or try for a high-risk, high-reward aggressive take-down. Further, new mechanics to jump the snap, cajole blockers off-balance and disrupt the backfield make it more interesting to play as a defensive lineman or blitzing linebacker. What's more, enhanced defensive AI means that your teammates will better know their assignments and be in position to make a play, allowing players to be more aggressive, with the knowledge that their teammates have their back.
Madden NFL 16,PlayStation 4,Sports,83,5.9,E,EA Sports,Whether playing alone or online, your mission to build an NFL dynasty begins with Connected Franchise. Interact and build your team with more control with Game Prep. Want to develop your backup QB? Between matchups, spend extra time on him each week to earn training points without having to force him into the real games before he is ready. Build your teams' confidence through performance and front office transactions. Balance keeping player's confidence up, to increase abilities and build player XP. 
Madden NFL 17,PlayStation 4,Sports,82,5.0,E,EA Sports,Madden NFL 17 Franchise = Take your team all the way and put yourself at the center of your team’s Championship run in Franchise mode, delivering new ways to play and more decisions to make. Added features include the practice squad, full-player editing, and the in-game ticker that keeps you updated with scores from around the league. Know your opponents’ tendencies every week, then pick the right drills to attack and counter those tendencies in game. This new level of strategy promises to deliver more variety and more fun when preparing for your next opponent, whether it’s a user or a computer simulated player. [Electronic Arts]
Madden NFL 25,PlayStation 4,Sports,74,5.2,E,EA Sports,See every nuance of a player’s face, equipment, and clothing as the line blurs between the players in the game and their real-life counterparts. Up to 4x the texture resolution breathes new life into stadiums, crowds, the field, and even the ball itself. Combined with high-fidelity animations that deliver smooth, authentic-looking player interactions, Madden NFL 25 promises to deliver Next Definition visuals.
Mafia III,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,69,5.2,M,Hangar 13,In 1968, after years in Vietnam, Lincoln Clay knows this truth: Family isn't who you're born with, it's who you are willing to die for. Now back home, in a new New Orleans, Lincoln is dedicated to rebuilding his life, but established ties keep him from exiting the city. It'll take more than a few friends to make it in this new world. Intense gun fights, hand-to-hand combat, white knuckle driving and street smarts will all be required. But with the right crew, tough decisions and some dirty hands, it's possible to ascend to the top of the city's underworld. It's about time to create a new family. 
Magicka 2,PlayStation 4,Fantasy,72,6.1,T,Pieces Interactive,Magicka 2 brings the spellcasting system, irreverent humor, and relationship-testing friendly fire into an all-new adventure with up to 4-player co-op for the PlayStation 4 and PC.
Mahjong,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Bigben Interactive,Re-engage the famous, traditional Chinese game. Find all the matching pairs of tiles, being careful not to become blocked in, to get to the end of each level. Concentration and perceptiveness are needed to finish the gorgeous boards that we have produced for you.
Manhunt,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.8,M,Rockstar North,The year's darkest and most terrifying videogame experience has arrived courtesy of Rockstar Games, makers of the controversial Grand Theft Auto series.  Walk in the shoes of James Earl Cash, a man sentenced to death only to find himself given an unexpected and sinister reprieve. Forced to fight and outwit hordes of bloodthirsty gang members vying for his head on a platter. All orchestrated for pleasure and profit by the voice of an unseen Director. This is a brutal bloodsport.
Mantis Burn Racing,PlayStation 4,Racing,71,8.3,E,VooFoo Studios,Mantis Burn Racing is an arcade style top-down racer with stunning visuals, a comprehensive single-player career mode, and a deep, RPG-style upgrade system. [VooFoo Studios]
Manual Samuel,PlayStation 4,Adventure,49,6.1,T,Perfectly Paranormal,After a nasty collision with a septic truck Samuel finds himself bargaining for his life. Eventually he agrees a deal for his life with chronically-uncool 90s throwback, Death, and now has to survive 24 hours doing everything manually. [Playstation.com]
Mark McMorris Infinite Air,PlayStation 4,Sports,46,6.8,T,HB Studios Multimedia,Mark McMorris Infinite Air is a fresh welcome into snowboarding for newcomers and a challenging step into ungroomed territory for seasoned boarders. Get ready to shred custom-built runs and show off gnarly tricks across vast, personalized terrain parks and 100+ square miles of back country.
Marvel Pinball - Epic Collection: Volume 1,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,E10+,Nighthawk Interactive,NaN
Marvel Puzzle Quest: Dark Reign,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,WayForward,Assemble a team of Marvel’s biggest super heroes and villains and battle with Puzzle Quest’s trademark match-3 and story-telling  gameplay in a game that combines favorite Marvel characters with a deep RPG leveling, player vs. player, character upgrades, and more. In the wake of the Iso-8 Outbreak, the super hero community struggles to recover. Taking advantage of the chaos, super villains take control of National Security.  Dark Reign follows these events that twist the destinies of both the heroes and villains of the Marvel Universe forever. FeaturesTWO AWESOME WORLDS UNITEMarvel’s biggest heroes and villains join forces with Puzzle Quest, the award winning match-3 puzzle adventure franchise for an amazing new way to experience the Marvel Universe.ASSEMBLE YOUR HEROESWith the forces of good and evil banding together to fight a greater foe, players will be able to create teams from a roster of Marvel super heroes and villains like Iron Man, Thor, and Venom.UNMATCHED STRATEGY AND DEPTHHead into battle with fast, tactical reaction-based gameplay, or select specific heroes whose special abilities complement each other to strategically plan each encounter.COLLECT AND UPGRADECollect Comics  to unlock new characters, change the various talents of the  your team, or improve a character’s current abilities.AN AUTHENTIC MARVEL EXPERIENCEJourney across the globe in an original, epic story for the single-player campaign, written by Marvel veteran Frank Tieri (Iron Man, Wolverine, Weapon X), based on one of the most impactful events in Marvel history.
Marvel: Ultimate Alliance,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,3.0,T,Raven Software,Marvel: Ultimate Alliance is an action/RPG that features the largest roster of comic book characters ever seen in a video game. Players assume the roles of more than 20 Marvel Super Heroes including Spider-Man, Wolverine, Blade and Captain America, and through their actions determine the fate of both planet Earth and the Marvel universe - revealed in one of multiple epilogues. Marvel: Ultimate Alliance offers total team customization, where players create their own team name, icon and vehicle, as well as establish their team reputation as they play throughout the story.
Marvel: Ultimate Alliance 2,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,4.8,T,Vicarious Visions,The Marvel Universe is being torn apart. The Superhuman Registration Act becomes law and Super Heroes must register as weapons of mass destruction, becoming licensed government agents. As Civil War is stirred, Iron Man leads the Pro-Registration side while Captain America spearheads the stand on Anti-Registration. The enemies you battle and the missions you accomplish depend on which side you choose.
Marvel: Ultimate Alliance Bundle,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,61,tbd,NaN,Raven Software,This Ultimate Alliance Bundle contains both games from the historic franchise!
Masquerade: The Baubles of Doom,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,7.9,T,Big Ant Studios,Masquerade is an action-adventure game set in the fantasy world of The Realm, centered around a battle for the mythical Druid Orbs, the most powerful pair of balls in all the land. For it was said that whomever possessed the Orbs, possessed the power to rule all.
MasterCube,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,1.3,E,Ertem Yazilim,MasterCube is an action-shooter. You must survive as long as you can in order to score the highest points.
Max Payne,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Rockstar Toronto,Max Payne is a man with nothing to lose--a fugitive undercover cop framed for murder, and now hunted by the cops and the mob.  As Payne, you'll uncover plot twists, engage in dramatic "bullet-time" firefights with thugs, and fight your way through an unforgiving New York blizzard.  Max can wield a variety of weapons including pistols, submachine guns, shotguns, sniper rifles, grenades, and Molotov cocktails.  Prepare yourself for an involving story combined with slick action.
McDROID,PlayStation 4,Strategy,57,tbd,E,Elefantopia LLC,Defend your shuttle against a variety of crazed alien species as they mutate, corrupt the ground or even turn your crops against you. Load up on weapons, bring your friends (drop-in/drop-out co-op) and take the battle to them. If it gets too crazy, turtle up behind your defensive perimeter and assume direct control of the lasers.
Mega Coin Squad,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Big Pixel Studios,Tackle 16 levels in the solo quest for the Mega Coins in this manic 2D platformer from Big Pixel Studios and Adult Swim Games. Or invite your friends round to rob them of victory -- and their coins -- in four different local multiplayer modes.
Mega Man Legacy Collection,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,77,6.2,E,Digital Eclipse,Featuring reproductions of the series origins with the original six Mega Man games, the Legacy Collection should remind long-time fans and introduce newcomers to what made Mega Man such a popular and iconic character. Mega Man Legacy Collection will feature all six games and more. In addition to the six Mega Man games, Mega Man Legacy Collection features new ways to experience the classic games with the Museum Mode and new Challenge Mode. Challenge Mode remixes gameplay segments from all six games, with plenty of scaling difficulty objectives for experienced players to conquer yet serving as a good starting point for new players, too. Museum Mode contains a comprehensive collection of history, high-res art and original concept pieces.
Megadimension Neptunia VII,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,71,6.8,T,Idea Factory, Compile Heart,The first PS4 game in the Hyperdimension Neptunia series, this installment features new characters, three worlds to save, three new stories to play, a new powerful transformation mode, extra features to the battle system, and a new dungeon minigame. Enjoy original Japanese and English voiceovers, plus English subtitles, and experience free-roaming turn-based battles as you obtain all of the items you and your new allies need to save Gamindustri.
Megadimension Neptunia VII: 1st Level Cap,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Idea Factory, Compile Heart,The level cap for main characters will be raised by 300 levels.
Megadimension Neptunia VII: 2nd Level Cap,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Idea Factory, Compile Heart,The level cap for main characters will be raised by 300 levels.
Megadimension Neptunia VII: 3rd Level Cap,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Compile Heart,The level cap for main characters will be raised by 300 levels
Megadimension Neptunia VII: Party Character [God Eater],PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Compile Heart,NaN
Megadimension Neptunia VII: Party Character [Million Arthur],PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Compile Heart,NaN
Megadimension Neptunia VII: Party Character [Nepgya],PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Compile Heart,NaN
Megadimension Neptunia VII: Party Character [Nitroplus],PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Compile Heart,NaN
Megadimension Neptunia VII: Party Character [Umio],PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Compile Heart,NaN
Megadimension Neptunia VII: Scout Pack,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Compile Heart,NaN
Mercenary Kings,PlayStation 4,Action,70,5.9,T,Tribute Games,Craft your arsenal to avenge your fallen comrades and save the world from the fearsome forces of CLAW.
Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,75,6.2,M,Kojima Productions,Ground Zeroes showcases Kojima Productions' FOX Engine, a true next-generation game engine which promises to revolutionize the Metal Gear Solid experience. The first Metal Gear Solid title to offer open world gameplay. Ground Zeroes offers total freedom of play: how missions are undertaken is entirely down to the user. Unrestricted stealth: Imagine classic Metal Gear gameplay but with no restrictions or boundaries. Players use intelligence and cerebral strategy to sneak their way through entire missions, or go in all guns blazing. Each will have different effects on game consequences and advancement. Multiple missions and tasks - Ground Zeroes boasts a central story mode and Side-Ops missions ranging from tactical action, aerial assaults and "covert" missions that will be sure to surprise. Ground Zeroes users will benefit from a clean in-game HUD that shows the minimal amount of on-screen data to give a more intense gaming experience. [Konami]
Metal Gear Solid V: Metal Gear Online,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,72,7.2,NaN,Kojima Productions,NaN
Metal Gear Solid V: The Definitive Experience,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,8.3,M,Kojima Productions,Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes gives core fans a taste of the production's visual presentation and gameplay before the release of Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain. METAL GEAR SOLID V: THE PHANTOM PAIN provides players a gaming experience as they utilize tactical freedom to carry out open-world missions. METAL GEAR ONLINE is built around a dedicated squad-based competitive multiplayer structure, which has been redesigned with familiar gameplay and aesthetic styling of the acclaimed series. All DLC in-game content is included in The Definitive Experience along with a bonus $20 value of in-game currency.
Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,93,8.2,M,Kojima Productions, Moby Dick Studio,Following the prologue METAL GEAR SOLID V: GROUND ZEROES, METAL GEAR SOLID V: THE PHANTOM PAIN concludes the METAL GEAR SOLID V experience by following the story of the protagonist of the series, Big Boss (a.k.a. Snake). The METAL GEAR SOLID V experience is Creator and Director Hideo Kojima's first time incorporating open world gameplay to the groundbreaking METAL GEAR franchise.
Metal Slug 3,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.8,T,Code Mystics Inc.,Marco, Tarma, Eri, and Fio, the four veterans of the elite Sparrows Unit are back in METAL SLUG 3! The popular action shooting series is in its glory, with gorgeous graphics and all the run-and-gun action you can handle. There is no time for indecision. General Morden is on the warpath and you must prevent him from creating the New World Order. Stop the Rebel Army!
Metal Slug Anthology,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Terminal Reality,SNK Playmore, in celebration of the 10th Anniversary of their classic arcade franchise Metal Slug, releases the greatest array of Metal Slug titles ever assembled for the PSP including Metal Slug, Metal Slug 2, Metal Slug X, Metal Slug 3, Metal Slug 4, and Metal Slug 5. The METAL SLUG COLLECTION is a "perfect translation" of the arcade classics and features Wireless support for intense two-player action.
Metrico+,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,81,6.3,E,Digital Dreams,Metrico+ is an input-driven game in a world of infographics. All the bar charts, line diagrams, and pie charts react to what you are doing. You have to rethink all you know in order to solve all the puzzles and explore every part of the world that is Metrico. [Playstation.com]
Metro Redux,PlayStation 4,Action,83,8.1,M,4A Games,Survive the horrors of the Russian apocalypse - equip your gasmask and an arsenal of hand-made weaponry as you face up to the threat of deadly mutants, human foes, and the terrifying environment itself. Immerse yourself in the Moscow Metro - and witness one of the most atmospheric worlds in gaming brought to life with next-gen visuals at 60FPS.
Metro: 2033 Redux,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,7.9,M,4A Games,Metro 2033 Redux is the definitive version of the cult classic ‘Metro 2033’, rebuilt in the latest and greatest iteration of the 4A Engine for Next Gen. Fans of the original game will find the unique world of Metro transformed with incredible lighting, physics and dynamic weather effects. Newcomers will get the chance to experience one of the finest story-driven shooters of all time; an epic adventure combining gripping survival horror, exploration and tactical combat and stealth.
Metro: Last Light Redux,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,7.6,M,4A Games,Metro: Last Light Redux is the definitive version of the critically acclaimed ‘Metro: Last Light’, rebuilt in the latest and greatest iteration of the 4A Engine for Next Gen. Newcomers will get the chance to experience one of the finest story-driven shooters of all time; an epic adventure combining gripping survival horror, exploration and tactical combat and stealth.
Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,84,8.1,M,Monolith Productions,Fight your way through Mordor and reveal the truth of the spirit that compels you, discover the origins of the Rings of Power, build your legend and ultimately confront the evil of Sauron in this new story of Middle-earth. 
Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor - Game of the Year Edition,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,8.2,M,Monolith Productions,The GOTY edition includes The Lord of the Hunt and The Bright Lord story missions, the Trials of War challenge series plus additional Warband Missions, Runes, & Skins.
Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor - Lord of the Hunt,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,61,6.1,M,Monolith Productions,In conjunction, Torvin and Talion hunt the wildest beasts of Mordor turning them against Sauron's forces. Hunt new monsters, unearth hidden lairs, earn special runes and dominate deadly creatures to turn against your enemies. Unlocks the exclusive Beast-hunter Skin and Test of the Wild Challenge Mode.
Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor - The Bright Lord,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,68,6.5,M,Monolith Productions,In Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor, gamers saw Celebrimbor’s memories of being dragged back to Mordor, forging the Rings of Power, stealing the One Ring itself, and organizing an army to battle his greatest Nemesis, the Dark Lord Sauron. Players now have the chance to play these epic events, wield this power for themselves and learn the fate of Celebrimbor, the greatest Elven king of the Second Age and the Bright Lord of Mordor — thousands of years before he became the Wraith that denied Talion death. [Monolith]
Might & Magic: Duel of Champions - Forgotten Wars,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,4.2,T,Ubisoft,Years ago, a fringe group of mages wanted to push the boundaries of their magical research beyond the moral constraints set by the Holy Empire. In a way, you could say they were the scientists of Ashan. Their first major creations were the orcs and the beastmen, who were quickly recruited to help fight the demons that had escaped Sheogh.
Mighty No. 9,PlayStation 4,Action,52,3.5,E10+,Inti Creates,Mighty No. 9 is an all-new Japanese side-scrolling action game that takes the best aspects of the 8- and 16-bit era classics you know and love, and transforms them with modern tech, fresh mechanics, and fan input into something fresh. You play as Beck, the 9th in a line of powerful robots, and the only one not infected by a mysterious computer virus that has caused mechanized creatures the world over to go berserk. Run, jump, blast, and transform your way through six stages (or more, via stretch goals) you can tackle in any order you choose, using weapons and abilities stolen from your enemies to take down your fellow Mighty Number robots and confront the final evil that threatens the planet. Once, you worked together, side-by-side but now, your fellow Mighty No. robots have lashed out, taking over key strategic locations across the globe and infesting them with their minions. You have no choice: the other Mighty Numbers...Must. Be. Destroyed.
Miko Mole,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,7.3,E,EnsenaSoft,Miko Mole features charismatic Miko with a passion for shiny gems, who is on a mission to become master thief by collecting enough diamonds on each level to open its exit to progress. It contains 6 challenging environments with 40 levels per world for an impressive 240 levels total. Dig down, dig deep, and uncover precious gems for Miko, but be careful, as each level requires quick reflexes and cunning strategy to avoid the many obstacles, surprises, traps and tricky puzzles, not to mention the many enemies such as bats, skunks and rats. When you get stuck, certain objects of the environment can be manipulated granting access to otherwise inaccessible areas.
MilitAnt,PlayStation 4,Action,44,5.3,E10+,Xibalba Studios,Militant packs rich stylized insect worlds in high definition, novel 2.5D shooter gameplay action, customizable weapon load-outs, a large variety of enemies and epic boss battles. Militant immerses players in an insect based world through fast-paced unforgiving action gameplay combining classic side-scrolling controls with modern 3d visuals,  delivering a completely refreshing experience that players of all ages can enjoy.
Minecraft: PlayStation 4 Edition,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,89,6.4,E10+,4J Studios, Mojang AB,The game involves players creating and destroying various types of blocks in a three dimensional environment. The player takes an avatar that can destroy or create blocks, forming fantastic structures, creations and artwork across the various multiplayer servers in multiple game modes.
Minecraft: Story Mode - A Telltale Games Series,PlayStation 4,Fantasy,No score yet,5.4,E10+,Telltale Games,Minecraft: Story Mode is like a playable tv show based on your favorite game, where YOU are the star, and your choices and actions decide how the story is told. You assume the role of Jesse, and you and your friends are thrust into an adventure to save the world. While visiting EnderCon, your crew confronts something dreadful. Terror is unleashed, and your only hope is to track down the “Order of the Stone”, a fabled group of adventurers who killed the legendary Ender Dragon. But where are they? In a race against time, you will travel across the over-world, through the Nether, to The End, and beyond.
Minecraft: Story Mode - A Telltale Games Series - Adventure Pass,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Telltale Games,The Adventure Pass includes access to download episodes six, seven, and eight, as they become available, starting in Summer 2016.
Minecraft: Story Mode - A Telltale Games Series - Season Pass,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Telltale Games,Minecraft: Story Mode is a five-part episodic game series. Episodes are released periodically, telling the entire story over a season, like a story-driven television show where YOU are the star.
Minecraft: Story Mode - A Telltale Games Series - The Complete Adventure,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Telltale Games,As Jesse, you will embark on a perilous adventure across the Overworld, through the Nether, to the End, and beyond. 
Minecraft: Story Mode - Episode 1: The Order of the Stone,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,71,3.4,E10+,Telltale Games,Minecraft: Story Mode is an adventure game set in a Minecraft world. It is a 5-part episodic series that will take you to the Nether, the Farlands, the End, and beyond. You will determine how the story flows through the decisions you make: what you say to people (and how you say it), and what you choose to do in moments of action.
Minecraft: Story Mode - Episode 2: Assembly Required,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,53,3.6,E10+,Telltale Games,Minecraft: Story Mode is like a playable TV show based on the Minecraft game, where YOU are the star, and your choices and actions decide how the story is told. You assume the role of Jesse, and you and your friends are thrown into an adventure to save the world. While visiting EnderCon, your crew stumbles on something dreadful. Terror is unleashed, and your only hope is to track down the “Order of the Stone”, a fabled group of adventurers who slew the legendary Ender Dragon. But where are they? In a race against time, you will travel across the over-world, through the Nether, to The End, and beyond. [Telltale Games]
Minecraft: Story Mode - Episode 3: The Last Place You Look,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,73,4.0,E10+,Telltale Games,Minecraft: Story Mode is like a playable TV show based on the game, where YOU are the star, and your choices and actions decide how the story is told. You are Jesse, and you and your friends are thrown into an adventure to save the world. While visiting EnderCon, your gang stumbles on something dreadful. Terror is unleashed, and your only hope is to track down the “Order of the Stone”, a fabled group of adventurers who slew the legendary Ender Dragon. But where are they? In a race against time, you will travel across the over-world, through the Nether, to The End, and beyond. 
Minecraft: Story Mode - Episode 4: A Block and a Hard Place,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,72,5.1,E10+,Telltale Games,Minecraft: Story Mode is like a playable TV show based on the Minecraft game, where YOU are the star, and your choices and actions decide how the story is told. You assume the role of Jesse, and you and your friends are thrown into an adventure to save the world. While visiting EnderCon, your crew stumbles on something dreadful. Terror is unleashed, and your only hope is to track down the “Order of the Stone”, a fabled group of adventurers who slew the legendary Ender Dragon. But where are they? In a race against time, you will travel across the over-world, through the Nether, to The End, and beyond. [Telltale Games]
Minecraft: Story Mode - Episode 5: Order Up!,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,72,6.2,E10+,Telltale Games,In Episode 5, on a tip from Ivor, Jesse and friends head to an abandoned temple holding mysterious treasures. Ambushed by former Ocelot Aiden and his crew, our heroes find themselves in an entirely new world: Sky City! As they explore, the Order finds that resources are at a premium, and nothing but 'The Void' exists below the known world. When Aiden convinces Sky City's ruler that the New Order of the Stone are up to no good, you'll need to make some tough choices to clear your name, and keep Aiden from destroying an innocent world.
Minecraft: Story Mode - Episode 6: A Portal to Mystery,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,69,tbd,E10+,Telltale Games,The sixth episode of Telltale's series.
Minecraft: Story Mode - Episode 7: Access Denied,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,68,tbd,E10+,Telltale Games,Continuing their portal journey in search of home, Jesse and crew arrive in a world wholly controlled by PAMA - a sinister "thinking machine" determined to control everyone and everything in pursuit of optimal usefulness and efficiency. Forced to go on the run to avoid capture and assimilation, you must work with a new ally to defeat the corrupted computer and free the population it has enslaved.
Minecraft: Story Mode - Episode 8: A Journey's End?,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,69,7.0,E10+,Telltale Games,Having befriended the helpful and knowledgeable builder Harper, a path towards returning home has presented itself. To get there, though, you’ll need to navigate a gauntlet of deadly challenges in an intense series of gladiatorial events led by the ruthless Old Builders. It won’t be a cakewalk, as allies are in short supply, dangerous gladiators lurk around every corner, and the Old Builders themselves are out to get you! Do you have what it takes to survive the games, save your friends, and make your way back home? 
Minutes,PlayStation 4,Action,76,7.2,E,Red Phantom Games,Simply explained, the player controls a circle and moves it around the screen to collect light energy shapes (for points) and avoid dark (which damage the player). The key mechanic is that the size of the circle can be changed. Go small to stay safe and dodge through the dark energy. Go large to collect more light and, critically, boost your score multiplier. [Developer via Playstation Blog]
Mirror's Edge Catalyst,PlayStation 4,Action,69,4.6,T,EA DICE,Through Mirror’s Edge Catalyst, experience the emergence of Faith, a brave Runner who uncovers a hidden truth inside the walls of the city of Glass. Through her journey, Faith explores every corner of the city, from the highest, most pristine skyscrapers, to the dark and dingy tunnels that underlie the city. Players must master the environment, using their momentum and timing their combat to fight the oppressiveness of the ruling elite, uncovering the dark secrets behind the city’s beautiful façade. Mirror’s Edge Catalyst offers players the freedom to explore the expanse of the city, discovering a variety of new activities, like ‘Dash’, races from point A to B, environmental puzzles and story missions to complete at their leisure. [EA]
Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae,PlayStation 4,Action,58,3.6,T,Zenith Blue,Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is the story of a demonic sword, and the young warrior who stole it for her own ends. Hot on her heels is our main character, and her best friend. Once friends, but now forced to fight each other, players will cut their way through arenas filled with monsters, robots, and thugs in need of a good slicing.
MLB 14: The Show,PlayStation 4,Sports,83,7.7,E,SCEA San Diego Studios,MLB 14 The Show is a realistic baseball game that allows players to feel the MLB experience with moments such as when you're called up to the majors, a sacrifice fly to left field, or crushing a walk-off homer to win it all.
MLB 15: The Show,PlayStation 4,Traditional,80,7.8,E,SCEA San Diego Studios,With the addition of General Manager Contracts, you now must consider Ownership Expectations when operating your team, and your performance will determine the job offers that you'll be confronted with. Building a championship-caliber team is more dynamic than in previous iterations, with the new Performance-based Player Progression, as well as improved Trade and Contract logic. Partner up with Brand Sponsors, giving your broadcast elements an official sponsor and earn some extra cash to spend on your team.
MLB The Show 16,PlayStation 4,Sports,85,7.4,E,SCEA San Diego Studios,ShowTime takes critical in-game Road To The Show moments and slows them down to give you maximum control. Make Gold Glove plays and come through in the clutch with this tool that allows finer, more focused user control. Immersive Road To The Show – With a curated in-game environment and a revamped training system that includes Gameplay Perks, The Show 16 offers a more personalized experience that acknowledges key moments of your career as you travel from a nobody to the Hall of Fame. An improved “Topps Prospect Showcase” includes Bowman Scout Day and a new 20-80 scale scouting report. Streamlined game logic maximizes the time spent in situations that matter. Conquest Mode – This single-player online experience takes your Diamond Dynasty team on the road as you travel through North America en route to becoming America's most popular team. As you earn fans, strategically move them to hold territories or help take over new territories as you attempt to achieve baseball manifest destiny.
Monopoly Deal,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,4.8,E,Asobo Studio,Everything great about MONOPOLY, now a fast paced, delightfully addictive card game! Compete online against your friends or the community in this frantic card-game: steal sets of cards, collect debts and be the first to collect three complete property sets of different colors. Build your real estate empire in a new and faster way! Keeps everything you love about MONOPOLY but packs it into a fast burst of fun. The downloadable version of this game supports English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Dutch, Portuguese, Russian.
Monopoly Plus,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,5.1,E,Asobo Studio,Its MONOPOLY for a new era! Play the classic game and watch the board come to life! A full 3D city at the center of the board lives and evolves as you play. You own a miniature world that will interact with your progression throughout the game and celebrate your achievements. Play the way you want - you can change the rules and adapt them to your playing style. Take and display photos at key moments for an amplified social gaming experience. Monopoly PLUS raises the classic game to a new level! The downloadable version of this game supports English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Swedish, Turkish, Korean, Chinese.
Monopoly: Family Fun Pack,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,4.5,E,Ubisoft,A new era of Monopoly for home consoles! The Monopoly Family Fun Pack gathers the 3 Monopoly Games: - Monopoly PLUS: the classic Monopoly with a 3D animated board! - My Monopoly, to create your very own board - Monopoly Deal, a fast-paced and addictive Monopoly card-game Enjoy the classic Monopoly in new fun ways, with your friends and people all around the world!
Monster Jam: Crush It,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Maximum Games,Crush It takes fans back into authentic stadiums for racing and freestyle events including the site of Monster Jam World Finals — Sam Boyd Stadium. Choose your favorite official Monster Jam trucks such as Grave Digger, Max-D, Monster Mutt, and many more.
Moon Hunters,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,63,5.3,E10+,Kitfox Games,Moon Hunters is a myth-weaving adventure for 1-4 players, solving ancient mysteries and building mythologies. Explore a hand-painted pixel art world that's randomly generated yet rich with legends, non-linear stories, and secrets. How will you be remembered?
MOP: Operation Cleanup,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,EnsenaSoft,You are MOP, a curious and unique model of robot. You have been engineered using simple parts with one single objective: To clean up a polluted environment. Explore five challenging worlds with 50 difficult missions full of pixel-perfect platforming fun. Ordinary trash items have mutated into ugly creatures due to contact with radioactive and malignant substances. The foul odor is polluting and contaminating what remains. To save the world you must sweep the area for trash and run, jump, swim and slide your way through each world, destroying enemies and obstacles blocking your path. Levels contain surprises, traps and hidden areas to discover. Be sure to watch out for the grumpy bears, electric toasters, zombie turtles and even mutated socks trying to get you.
Mordheim: City of the Damned,PlayStation 4,Strategy,74,tbd,M,Rogue Factor,Set in the Warhammer world's decimated Empire city, Mordheim: City of the Damned is a turn-based tactical game where you lead warbands into bloody and lethal skirmishes. The game blends RPG elements, fast-paced tactical combat and intricate unit customization in a time wrought by chaos and rivalry where only the strongest survive.
Mortal Kombat X,PlayStation 4,Action,83,7.7,M,Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment, NetherRealm Studios,Mortal Kombat X combines cinematic presentation with all new gameplay to deliver the most brutal Kombat experience ever, offering a new fully-connected experience that launches players into a persistent online contest where every fight matters in a global battle for supremacy.  For the first time, Mortal Kombat X gives players the ability to choose from multiple variations of each character impacting both strategy and fighting style. Players step into an original story showcasing some of the game’s most prolific characters including Scorpion and Sub-Zero, while introducing new challengers that represent the forces of good and evil and tie the tale together.
Mortal Kombat XL,PlayStation 4,Action,85,7.3,M,NetherRealm Studios,Includes main game, and new playable characters Alien, Leatherface, Triborg, and Bo'Rai Cho. Previously released playable characters include Predator, Jason Voorhees, Tremor, Tanya, and Goro. Also includes new skins pack Apocalypse Pack and all previously released skins packs.
MotoGP 14,PlayStation 4,Driving,73,6.4,E,Milestone S.r.l,MotoGP 14 returns with an overhauled and improved graphics engine. New game modes, all the riders from the 2014 and 2013 seasons and legendary riders from the history of the MotoGP give you the chance to live the dream of being an actual rider.
Motorcycle Club,PlayStation 4,Driving,26,1.8,E,Bigben Interactive,Build and manage your own club, buy authentic bikes, and create rosters in the game that allows you full control of where and how you ride. Race nine superbikes, ten roadsters, and three custom bikes across the USA and Japan in this arcade-style racing game.
Mount & Blade: Warband,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,67,6.3,T,Koch Media,The first expansion pack for Mount & Blade introduces an array of brand-new features, highlighted by a multiplayer capability that allows up to 32 players to battle it out in team-deathmatch-style combat on a single map.
MouseCraft,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,72,5.6,E,Crunching Koalas,Crunching Koalas, the team behind the title, promises that its debut outing combines the best elements of Tetris and Lemmings to create a puzzle experience that really tests your wits. Moreover, the game features a level editor, and is both cross-buy and cross-save compatible.
Murdered: Soul Suspect,PlayStation 4,Action,59,6.9,M,Airtight Games,Detective Ronan O'Connor's life is brought to an end when a brutal killer confronts him during a burglary. This detective with a checked past now finds himself trapped in the afterlife, his only escape from this nether world of "Dusk" is to bring the truth of his death and his killer to light using his newly developed supernatural abilities. As Ronan, you can explore the town of Salem for clues, battle demon spirits to save your soul, and unearth revelations about who is responsible for your untimely death.
Mutant Mudds: Super Challenge,PlayStation 4,Action,78,tbd,E,Renegade Kid,Over 40 levels filled with malicious mutant mudds. This adventure is designed for super players; featuring a host of new platforming challenges and unique boss fights that will test your skills. Max receives special intel, revealing the location of the original meteor impact site and the fact that mutant mudds are still being spawned from it. Max sets out from a secret hideout in the jungle to locate the meteor and destroy it for good. Run, jump, hover, and blast your way across five new vibrant worlds, presented with colourful neo-retro pixel art and sublime chiptune music. Defy the laws of the second dimension by leaping between foreground and background layers, dispensing muddy justice with your faithful water cannon. Utilize your trusty power-ups to traverse tricky obstacles and gain access to special secret levels.
MX vs. ATV Supercross Encore,PlayStation 4,Racing,42,4.1,E,Rainbow Studios,Rip, jump and scrub your way to victory with over 35 tracks in this vastly extended version. Only the Encore edition features the brand new Rhythm Racing mode, extra outdoor Nationals tracks, and exclusive Waypoint races in open world maps.
MXGP2: The Official Motocross Videogame,PlayStation 4,Racing,65,7.2,E,Milestone S.r.l,MXGP2 is the evolution of the Official Motocross Videogame experience, based on the FIM Motocross World Championship license with updated tracks and riders, including Glen Helen and the new Americas tracks. Players also have the chance to ride in two brand new indoor stadiums to test their riding abilities and take part, for the first time in a cross videogame, in the Monster Energy FIM Motocross of Nations. Customise every part of your bike, rider, and team, and hone your stills in test track performances. 
MXGP: The Official Motocross Videogame,PlayStation 4,Driving,66,6.2,E,Milestone S.r.l,Sixty riders, sixty bikes, fourteen tracks and rules from the official MX1 and MX2 2013 FIM Motocross World Championship.
My Night Job,PlayStation 4,Action,60,7.4,T,Webcore Games,Black night, an abandoned mansion, and a bunch of monsters. Sounds like the perfect job. Players must use an array of weapons to save their skin and master the challenge of leading survivors to safety, while also defending the building from invaders. Use more than 60 weapons, from vases and floor lamps to chainsaws, shotguns, and ginormous hammers. [Playstation.com]
Mystery Chronicle: One Way Heroics,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,M,Spike Chunsoft,The kingdom is being swallowed by the Shine Raid, a destructive wall of light. But forget about saving the king, forget about saving the townsfolk — a true hero is one who lives to save the day, so you better keep moving! Leave dinky dungeons behind to explore an infinite number of procedurally generated worlds, each with their own unique terrain, traps, and treasure. [Playstation.com]
N++,PlayStation 4,Action,82,6.6,E10+,Metanet Software Inc.,N++ is a fast-paced, physics-based platformer starring a ninja.
N.E.R.O.: Nothing Ever Remains Obscure,PlayStation 4,Adventure,59,6.3,E,Storm in a Teacup,NERO is a first person adventure game based on puzzle solving and exploration. NERO is a wonderful journey in an magic world where a kid is the key to all locks and the nights is not as frightening as you could think. Play the role of this kid, followed by a mysterious black cloathed companion, discovering the truth behind this epic journey. Use the Sphere of Light to interact with the environment, explore and experience emotions and feelings that are uncommon in videogames, with a brand new next-generation visual novel reshaping the genre.
Nano Assault NEO-X,PlayStation 4,Action,66,6.0,E,Shin'en,Stop the deadly Nanostray virus from spreading in the nano cosmos. Traverse a breathtaking microscopic world. You are one against millions. Nano Assault NEO-X is a unique and exciting twin-stick style shoot'em up game for PlayStation4.
Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 4,PlayStation 4,Action,79,8.2,T,CyberConnect2,Recreate all the legendary teams from NARUTO SHIPPUDEN or create your own team. Players will be able to switch characters during the fight.  The roster spans the NARUTO SHIPPUDEN story arc and capture the latest character appearances from the anime. Almighty foes such as Kaguya, Madara (Six Paths) & Obito (Six Paths) join the fray.
NASCAR Heat Evolution,PlayStation 4,Racing,66,3.8,E,Dusenberry Martin Racing,Gameplay modes include Race, Challenges, Season, Chase, Online, and Career. In Career, customize your own NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver. From the high banks of Talladega to the tight turns in Martinsville, each of the 23 licensed NASCAR tracks have been recreated in conjunction with track owners. NASCAR Heat Evolution offers 43 different drivers from the most popular race teams including Stewart-Haas Racing, Joe Gibbs Racing, Hendrick Motorsports, Team Penske, Chip Ganassi, and others.
Natural Doctrine,PlayStation 4,Strategy,53,6.0,M,Kadokawa,Natural Doctrine a challenging strategy title which features cross-play and cross-save. The games sets out to test your ability to conquer the evils that lurk in the sprawling networks of mines and ruins in the areas surrounding the fortress city of Feste.
NBA 2K14,PlayStation 4,Sports,85,6.5,E,Visual Concepts,NBA 2K14 promises to raise the bar yet again, providing the best basketball gaming experience for legions of sports fans and gamers around the world.
NBA 2K15,PlayStation 4,Sports,83,7.0,E,Visual Concepts,NBA 2K15 features approximately 5,000 new animations, new defensive AI, shooting systems, new team-specific play sets, and more control over rebounding, steals, and blocks. New game broadcast presentation hosted by Ernie Johnson and Shaq O'Neal delivers commentary and analysis to the action. 
NBA 2K16,PlayStation 4,Action,87,6.7,E10+,Visual Concepts,Be the Story. The NBA 2K franchise is back with a true-to-life NBA experience in NBA 2K16. Guide your MyPLAYER through the complete NBA journey, take control of an entire NBA franchise, or refine your skills online competing against gamers from around the globe. With animations that provide smoother movement and more realistic articulation, it promises to be the most authentic NBA gaming experience yet. [2K]
NBA 2K17,PlayStation 4,Sports,89,6.8,E,Visual Concepts,NBA 2K17 promises to take the game to new heights and continue to blur the lines between video game and reality.
NBA 2K17: The Prelude,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Visual Concepts,NaN
NBA Live 14,PlayStation 4,Basketball,43,2.7,E,EA Sports,BounceTek -- Revolutionary physics-based dribbling allows for complete, organic control and authentic responsiveness. Utilize a full suite of dribble moves to unleash ankle-breaking crossovers, hesitations and more. CourtQ Delivers Real Time NBA -- Leveraging live synergy Sports Technology data, NBA LIVE 14 is driven by over 70 player ratings, tendencies, and team stats updated every NBA game, ensuring that your game is always in-sync with the real NBA. With fresh content and challenges updated on a daily basis, NBA LIVE 14 delivers a new experience each and every time you pick up the controller, delivering the pulse of the NBA 24/7/365.
NBA Live 15,PlayStation 4,Sports,59,5.6,E,EA Sports,LIVE Seasons mode is back this year with new content updated daily, all season long. New Hot Spot Challenges within BIG Moments task players with replicating game-defining moments from real-world NBA games as closely as possible, while NBA Rewind lets you replay entire contests, jumping in and out whenever you like. Replicate (or stop) a big run from last night’s marquee match-up, hop in to take the game-winning shot, replay the entire game from tip-off to final whistle or anything in between. Content in LIVE Seasons is refreshed throughout the NBA Season. [EA Sports]
NBA Live 16,PlayStation 4,Sports,59,6.1,E,EA Sports,LIVE Pro-Am is a fast-paced way to Rise Together with your friends. Pro-Am features LIVE Run and Summer Circuit, two online multiplayer modes that let you compete on iconic indoor and outdoor courts across North America. Play 5-on-5 street ball in LIVE Run. Meet NBA greats on the courts that made them famous in Summer Circuit. 
Nebula Realms,PlayStation 4,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,M,XALOC STUDIOS SL,NaN
Nebulous,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,T,Namazu Studios,While exploring space, Commander Dash Johnson is pulled through a wormhole filled with giant puzzles and deadly traps. Players strategically position devices such as gravity altering machines, bouncers, conveyor belts and other gadgets to direct Commander Johnson away from obstacles and toward each stage's exit portal.
Necropolis,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,49,tbd,NaN,Harebrained Schemes LLC,A blend of third-person action and procedural dungeon-delving. Oh, and perma-death. Adventure alone or with up to 3 friends in a magical deathtrap that reconstructs itself each time you play. Will you find the exit, or die trying?
Need for Speed,PlayStation 4,Racing,66,7.2,T,Ghost Games,Jump behind the wheel of some iconic cars and put the pedal to the metal through Ventura Bay, a sprawling urban playground. Explore overlapping stories as you establish your reputation – and your dream car – and become the top racing icon. Play repeatedly this time, you have five distinct ways to win.
Need for Speed: Rivals,PlayStation 4,Driving,80,6.2,E10+,Ghost Games,Need for Speed Rivals inserts gamers behind the wheel of both sides of the thin blue line, daring them to cross that line as either a cop or racer in order to gain any advantage in the street’s ultimate rivalry. Players decide between two distinct career experiences, each with its own set of high-stakes challenges, rewards, pursuit tech and cars. The intensity of the action is enhanced as a result of AllDrive, a feature that destroys the line between single player, co-op and multiplayer. Through AllDrive, friends are connected to one racing world where their races and chases can collide at any time.
Need for Speed: Rivals - Complete Edition,PlayStation 4,Driving,No score yet,6.5,E10+,Ghost Games,Own the complete Need for Speed Rivals package, including the full game plus all six previously released downloadable content packs. Welcome to Redview County, play as either cops or racer with unique gameplay for each side. Compete in an all-out war featuring the fastest cars, mods and technology in a gritty open road environment. Additional Packs included: Simply Jaguar Complete Pack Ferrari Edizioni Speciali Complete Pack Concept Lamborghini Complete Pack The Koenigsegg Agera One Complete Movie Pack Loaded Garage Pack The downloadable version of this game supports English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Portuguese, Japanese.
Neon Chrome,PlayStation 4,Action,64,8.2,T,10tons Entertainment, 10tons,Neon Chrome is a cyberpunk top-down shooter with a myriad of roguelite twists. Your mission is to stop the Overseer oppressing the people living in the gigantic arcology. [Playstation.com]
Never Alone,PlayStation 4,Action,73,6.6,E10+,Upper One Games,Developed in partnership with the Alaska Native community, Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) is an atmospheric puzzle platformer that explores the harsh and dynamic world of Alaska Native stories. Delve deeply into the traditional lore of the Inupiat people of the Arctic.
Never Alone: Arctic Collection,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Upper One Games,Experience the epic journey of Nuna and Fox as they search for the source of an eternal blizzard that threatens the survival of everything they have ever known. 
Never Alone: Foxtales,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.3,E10+,Upper One Games,Foxtales features 3 new levels of environments to explore, puzzles to solve and enemies to face. Once again developed in partnership with the Alaska Native community, Foxtales contains 5 new unlockable Cultural Insight videos that include the family of Willie Panik Goodwin, Sr., whose telling of “The Two Coastal Brothers” inspired the game.
Neverending Nightmares,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,74,8.1,M,Infinitap Games,A terrifying psychological horror game inspired by the developer's battle with mental illness. Explore nightmares! Branching narrative!
Neverwinter,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,74,7.1,T,Cryptic Studios,Once a bustling location, Neverwinter has faced a great many disasters in the past hundred years. Rule of the city remains unclear following the unfortunate demise of the last Lord of Neverwinter and factions still battle for dominance after the all-consuming Spellplague took a high toll on the population. Even Neverwinter's dead are beginning to rise from their graves and march upon the city they once called home.
NHL 15,PlayStation 4,Sports,60,3.6,E10+,EA Sports,The Skill Stick purports to give more control to the player. Protect the puck, receive passes without breaking stride, and discover an arsenal of sweet new dekes, all with an intuitive right stick control scheme. The game features Doc Emrick, Eddie Olczyk and analyst Ray Ferraro providing play-by-play and commentary throughout the proceedings.
NHL 16,PlayStation 4,Sports,78,5.6,E10+,EA Sports, EA Canada,Players who are drawn to team experiences can jump into either 6 v. 6 Online Team Play, Online Couch Co-op, or the EA SPORTS Hockey League, that’s been re-formulated to deliver a new player class system for a more competitive and balanced experience. Players who want to build their own legacy can dive into Be-A-Pro, which allows them to start their career in the minors and takes them through a new progression system where how they play on the ice shapes who they become in the NHL. And if players are more akin to armchair GMs, not only can they navigate the machinations of draft day and manage their AHL affiliate team, they can now also manage the morale of individual players on their team.
NHL 17,PlayStation 4,Sports,79,5.8,E10+,EA Canada, EA Vancouver,NHL 17 introduces three new modes that connect you to the sport to live out your hockey fantasy. The new Draft Champions mode introduces the fantasy draft with fast rounds of superstar picks. For the first time in EA SPORTS NHL history, the World Cup of Hockey game mode lets you take to the ice on a global stage and compete with your national hockey heroes. The next generation of Be a GM introduces Franchise Mode where you answer directly to the owner and take total control of the team and the business, from fan concessions to promotional nights to the arena and city you compete in. NHL 17 also brings gameplay control over every inch of the ice. The new Net Battle system lets you fight for that critical space in front of the crease on offense and defense. Authentic goaltenders both look and play the part with true-to-life stances and smarter Reactionary Save Intelligence that lets goalies read and react with an athletic save or get big with the body to block the puck. Improved hitting, passing, puck pick-ups and skating let you own every zone and dozens of new goal celebrations bring the crowd to their feet making your biggest moments memorable. [Electronic Arts]
Nidhogg,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.3,T,Code Mystics Inc.,A 2 player fencing game with football & platforming elements.
Nightmares from the Deep: The Cursed Heart,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,58,tbd,T,Artifex Mundi,Dive into a journey as a museum owner in pursuit of an undead pirate who has kidnapped your daughter in Nightmares from the Deep: The Cursed Heart. You quickly realize that the undead pirate is entangled in a tragic, centuries-old love story, and wants to resurrect his mistress with the youth’s life force. You must act quickly to save the young girl's life before it is too late. Travel through haunting seas, ruined fortresses, and bone covered catacombs as you uncover secrets from the past.
Nights of Azure,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,67,7.5,T,Gust,Nights of Azure is a tragic tale of two friends faced with impossible decisions that will test their loyalty to their quest and to each other. Set on an uncharted island that floats in the North Sea, Nights of Azure paints a picture of a land where nights are tormented by azure-blooded demons. In this kingdom of Ruswal, very few people leave their homes after the sun has set, let alone have the strength and skill to take on these powerful monsters. One of the best among these brave few is the protagonist, Arnice, a knight of great skill and power, who is assisted by her friend and priestess Lilysse in a quest to rid the land of demons. However, they soon find out that the solution to the island's problems might not be as simple as defeating enemies in battle. 
Ninja Pizza Girl,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Disparity Games,Ninja Pizza Girl is a platformer with a deep-dish message. Featuring an old-school action, a dedicated speedrun mode, and comic cut-scenes hand drawn by an authentic teenage girl. Its deeply-woven story follows Gemma, a sixteen-year-old girl working as a pizza delivery ninja for her father’s independent Pizzeria. In a world where powerful mega-corporations exploit the poor and quality pizza is hard to come by, Gemma must fight to keep her ideals, her family, and their business intact. [Playstation.com]
Ninja Senki DX,PlayStation 4,Action,64,5.7,E10+,Jonathan Lavigne,A classic 8-bit platformer focused on precise and rhythmic level design.
Nioh,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Team Ninja,NaN
Nitroplus Blasterz: Heroines Infinite Duel,PlayStation 4,Action,70,6.8,T,Examu, Marvelous Inc.,Fast-Paced Fighting Action with Easy-to-Learn Gameplay - From the makers of Arcana Heart comes a new fighting game that's as simple as it is chaotic; easy-to-execute combo chains and assist mechanics can get up to six characters onscreen.
No Man's Sky,PlayStation 4,Action,71,4.5,T,Hello Games,No Man’s Sky is an exploration and survival game set in an infinite procedurally generated universe. Whether a distant mountain or a planet hanging low on the horizon, you can go forth there. You can fly seamlessly from the surface of a planet to another, and every star in the sky is a sun that you can visit. Where you’ll go and how fast you’ll make you way through this universe is your decision. Explore uncharted solar systems and catalog unique new forms of life. Every planet’s landscape is different from the next and populated by species never before encountered. Acquire ancient artifacts that may reveal the secrets behind the universe. Choose whether to share your discoveries with other players. You won’t see them, but they’re exploring the same universe in parallel; perhaps you’ll make your mark on their worlds as well as your own. Every solar system, planet, ocean and cave is filled with danger, and - make no mistake - you are vulnerable. Your ship and suit are fragile, and every encounter may test your skills to the limit. From dog-fighting in space to first-person combat on a planet’s surface, you will face foes ready to overwhelm you. One mistake could see you lose it all. In No Man’s Sky, every victory and every defeat is permanent. The voyage that stands before you cannot be taken lightly. You must prepare. Collect precious resources on the surfaces of planets and trade them for the ships, suits and equipment that will take you to your destiny in the stars.
No Time to Explain,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,tiny Build GAMES, tinyBuild,No Time To Explain is a game about Time Paradoxes, Jetpack Guns and Ribs In People's Eyes. It's a comedy platformer featuring great music, voice acting and gameplay that becomes more ridiculous as you go.
Nobunaga's Ambition: Sphere of Influence,PlayStation 4,Strategy,80,8.1,T,Koei Tecmo Games,Become a Daimyo of the Warring States period of Japanese history in NOBUNAGA'S AMBITION, a historical simulation game of conquest and domination. It is the 30th anniversary of this series and this current release, NOBUNAGA'S AMBITION: Sphere of Influence, is the crown of the series.
Nobunaga's Ambition: Sphere of Influence - Ascension,PlayStation 4,Strategy,81,tbd,T,Koei Tecmo Games,Experience the reality of officer life in the Warring States period, and watch with your own eyes the fighting that brought the end of an era.
Nom Nom Galaxy,PlayStation 4,Action,70,7.1,E,Q-Games,Nom Nom Galaxy melds many themes of gameplay, with equal elements of classic platforming, mining, construction, resource management, and tower defence.
Not a Hero,PlayStation 4,General,74,6.6,M,roll7,Not A Hero is a 2D, cover-based, side-scrolling shooter about a purple rabbit from the future.
NOVA-111,PlayStation 4,Sci-Fi,73,5.8,E,Funktronic Labs,NOVA-111 is a sci-fi themed turn-based adventure game with a twist of real-time action. Navigate your trusty orange science vessel as you voyage through mysterious planets in search for the famed scientists who were lost into the cosmic REAL-TIME vortex.
Now That's What I Call Sing,PlayStation 4,Action,55,tbd,NaN,Ravenscourt,Features thirty chart hits including seventeen number ones from some of the world’s biggest artists. Grab a mic and sing solo or play with up to seven other friends and really get the party started. This pack includes a USB microphone required to play.
Now That's What I Call Sing 2,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Koch Media,NaN
Nuclear Throne,PlayStation 4,Action,82,6.3,E10+,Vlambeer,Nuclear Throne is a post-apocalyptic roguelike-like top-down shooter. Not 'the final hope of humanity' post-apocalyptic, but 'humanity is extinct and mutants and monsters now roam the world' post-apocalyptic. Fight your way through the wastelands with powerful weaponry, collecting radiation to mutate some new limbs and abilities. 
Nutjitsu,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,NinjaBee,Become the squirrel. The kitsune have taken the sacred relics of your clan. Vengeance will be yours! Sneak through beautifully hand-painted levels as you retrieve the stolen artifacts from the villainous samurai. Steal back precious acorns as you dodge an ever-increasing number of vigilant foxes. Snatch victory with your tiny paw!
Obliteracers,PlayStation 4,Racing,70,tbd,E,Varkian Empire,Award-winning party racing for up to 16 players! Race brutal-cute aliens on exotic planets, using weapon powerups and physics-based vehicles to annihilate your competition in frantic round-based combat.
Oceanhorn: Monster of Uncharted Seas,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,67,8.1,E10+,Cornfox & Bros.,You wake up and find a letter from your father. He is gone The only lead is his old notebook and a mysterious necklace. What happened? Oceanhorn: Monster of Uncharted Seas is an epic action-adventure experience. In the game you explore the islands of Uncharted Seas, a world filled with many dangers, puzzles and secrets. You must fight monsters, learn to use magic and discover ancient treasures, which will help you on your quest. Use all of your wits and skill to unravel the mysteries of the ancient kingdom of Arcadia and the sea monster, Oceanhorn.
Octodad: Dadliest Catch,PlayStation 4,Adventure Games,69,7.0,E10+,Kevin Zuhn,Octodad: Dadliest Catch is a game about destruction, deception, and fatherhood. The player controls Octodad, a dapper octopus masquerading as a human, as he goes about his life. Octodad's existence is a constant struggle, as he must master mundane tasks with his unwieldy boneless tentacles while simultaneously keeping his cephalopodan nature a secret from his human family.
Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee - New 'n' Tasty,PlayStation 4,Action,84,8.0,T,Just Add Water,Rescue your fellow meat factory slaves in this nostalgic, classic platformer with the latest immersive graphics and design. Find your destiny. Once a happy floor waxer in Oddworld's biggest meat processing plant, Abe stumbled across his boss's secret plan to turn the factory's slave labour force into the latest in the RuptureFarms Tasty Treats line of novelty meat snacks. Abe now has to save his own skin from the grinders even if simply escaping the flesh farm is only the start of his Oddysee. Trigger-happy hunting parties, carnivorous sacred beasts, ancient temple traps and even a return to his former workplace await Abe on his journey to discover his people's heritage.
Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee - New 'n' Tasty: Alf's Escape,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Just Add Water,Abe, charged with rescuing as many fellow Mudokons as he can, finds one particularly lazy individual - Alf - deep within RuptureFarms. It was previously the stuff of myth and legend, but now it's yours to experience first hand as part of Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty.
Odin Sphere Leifthrasir,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,87,8.2,T,Vanillaware,The tale of Armageddon is about to be told... In the world of Erion, the magical kingdom of Valentine held an enormous power. The "Cauldron" -- the source of this great power-- Maintained the kingdom's prosperity. However, Valentine suffered a sudden, mysterious downfall. And so the neighboring kingdoms clashed over the now-masterless Cauldron.
Okage: Shadow King,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,9.8,T,Zener Works,In an unexpected twist of fate, the spirit of an evil king is unleashed and possesses the shadow of an innocent young boy named Ari. While wielding the burden of an evil being, Ari and his friends must journey across a wonderfully animated, whimsical world. You'll discover new environments, solve puzzles, and battle more than 100 enemies. Engage in action-packed battle sequences where allies and enemies fight simultaneously and in real-time. In this struggle between good and evil, you must manage your team carefully or forever be held captive by the evil king's spirit.
OlliOlli,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,7.0,E,Tom Hegarty,OlliOlli mixes one-life gameplay with over 120 tricks and grinds across 50 levels, 250 Challenges, Spots Mode and Daily Grind. Complete all challenges to unlock the super skillful RAD Mode. Rack up the biggest and coolest combos along the way then time your landing to perfection to rule the leader-boards. Just don’t slam on your face (you will slam on your face). OlliOlli rewards the most skillful and riskiest players, always tempting them to go for that for that audacious 360 backside flip and ludicrous chain of combos leaving them to time their landing to perfection - or risk losing their score.
OlliOlli2: Welcome to Olliwood,PlayStation 4,Sports,86,6.5,T,roll7,OlliOlli2: Welcome to Olliwood plucks the iconic skater from the street and dropping him squarely in the middle of the Big Screen’s most bodacious cinematic locations.
OlliOlli: Epic Combo Edition,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,roll7,It’s “OlliOlli Oxen Free!” as skateboarding fans can come out and play both epic OlliOlli titles together for the first time, grinding out mad tricks in the definitive skateboard series of this generation
Omega Quintet,PlayStation 4,Console-style RPG,58,7.2,T,Compile Heart,In a world close to destruction, singing might be their only hope. Humanity's last hope rests in the music of the singing idols. Possessing weapons of sound, they have to fight evil and restore the world. The five girls must give the performance of a lifetime to stop this darkness from destroying the last of humanity. Music plays an integral role in the game's battle system, providing stat boosts and more during battle, and, as the manager of the idols, players will be able to build relationships with each group member known as "Verse Maidens". 
One Piece: Burning Blood,PlayStation 4,Action,66,7.9,T,Spike Chunsoft,Embark with the Straw Hat Crew and collect your bounty in this anime fighter. Use Devil Fruit abilities, Haki techniques, and punishing combos to turn the tide in the ultimate One Piece battle royale. Step into the New World with over the top head to head combat featuring all the action, drama and comedy of this infamous pirate saga.
One Piece: Burning Blood - Gold Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Spike Chunsoft,NaN
One Piece: Burning Blood - Luffy Pack,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Spike Chunsoft,NaN
One Piece: Burning Blood - Playable Character Pack,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Spike Chunsoft,NaN
One Piece: Burning Blood - Wanted Pack,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Spike Chunsoft,NaN
One Piece: Burning Blood - Wanted Pack 2,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Spike Chunsoft,NaN
One Piece: Pirate Warriors 3,PlayStation 4,Action,74,7.4,T,Omega Force,Rain down attacks on the hordes of enemies pouring onto players’ screens, and double team with a partner to launch an even more massive assault. A myriad of co-op action and fusion attacks with new support attacks will take the action gameplay to greater heights. Join up with your faves from the Straw Hat Crew or even with villains like Captain Kuro, Alvida and Axe-hand Morgan and call them into battle to pull off unrestrained combos that will send enemies flying.
One Upon Light,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,59,tbd,E10+,Singapore University of Technology and Design,One Upon Light tells the story of an individual’s journey through what appears to be a large abandoned science facility. You control the protagonist – a scientist – as he makes his way through the labyrinth of chambers and malfunctioning science equipment. He soon finds out that he is extremely averse to light: exposure to illumination results in excruciating pain, followed shortly by death. Through the course of the game, you will uncover the mysteries behind the facility’s current state. At the same time, the scientist will learn more about his extraordinary condition — and perhaps even himself. [SUTD Game Lab]
One Way Trip,PlayStation 4,Action,41,tbd,M,Beret Applications LLC,In One Way Trip, you and your brother Barry discover that you’ve been poisoned in a mass attack on the water supply that has left a large portion of the nation with only six hours left to live, during which time they will be constantly hallucinating. To put it another way, it’s an atmospheric exploration of what it would be like to find out you and most everyone you love is about to die, and then have to process that while your limbs turn into cartoon dolphins.
Onechanbara Z2: Chaos,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,57,6.6,M,Tamsoft, D3Publisher,This installment in the Onechanbara sexy zombie slayer series ups the ante with 2 sets of buxom vampire sisters and over a dozen stages of high-octane real-time swordplay featuring hordes of zombies—not to mention novel methods of dispatching these undead opponents. Players will be pitted against the undead in various worldwide locations, with limbs and blood flying every which way by means of physical attacks and acrobatic maneuvers alike, occasionally transforming into a demon for short bursts of added power and speed at the cost of life energy. Each of the 4 members of this “Zombie Punitive Force” has her own unique abilities, and skillful play is rewarded with orbs that can be exchanged for upgraded weapons and outfits. For the first time in the series, players can enjoy the game with full English voice-acting or play through with the original Japanese performances. [Xseed]
Onigiri,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.6,M,Cyberstep,Onigiri is an action packed MMORPG without an automatic targeting system. The game takes place in an alternate ancient Japan and the cast of characters is deeply rooted in Japanese folklore, mythology and fairy tales. The enemies include Japanese apparitions
Orc Slayer,PlayStation 4,Action,15,1.4,T,Cooply Solutions,Armed with a revolutionary new weapon of mass Orc Slaying, your mission is one of pure revenge. Using your new crossbow and an array of special bolts, Slay your way across the land on a frenzied rampage towards the heart of the Orc Invasion.
Organ Trail: Complete Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,8.5,T,The Men Who Wear Many Hats LLC,Organ Trail is a retro zombie survival game. Travel westward in a station wagon with 4 of your friends, scavenging for supplies and fending off the undead. Members of your party might die of dysentery or you might have to put them down yourself when they get bit. Faithfully recreated as if it were on the Apple 2, Organ Trail offers amazing 16 color art and retro beeps and boops. Packed full of zombie mechanics, themes and references, this is a must have for any zombie survival fans.
Organic Panic,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,75,tbd,E10+,Last Limb Games,Organic Panic is a physics-based puzzle-platformer that pits the main food groups against each other in a chaotically fun and lighthearted battle royale extravaganza! What brings all the madness together is the incredible D.A.F.T. (Destructible and Fluid Technology) Engine. Anything goes, because nearly every environmental element (characters, platforms, enemies, weapons, etc.) can be controlled and manipulated in some clever way.
Outlast,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,78,7.8,M,Red Barrels,Investigate the inside of Mount Massive Asylum and live to uncover the mystery. In the remote mountains of Colorado, horrors await inside Mount Massive Asylum. A long-abandoned home for the mentally ill, it has been recently re-opened by the research and charity branch of the transnational Murkoff Corporation and operates in strict secrecy... until now. Acting on a tip from an anonymous source, independent journalist Miles Upshur breaks into the facility and what he discovers treads a terrifying line between science, religion, nature and something else entirely. Once inside, his only hope of escape lies with the terrible truth at the heart of Mount Massive. Outlast is a true survival horror experience which shows that the most terrifying monsters of all come from the human mind itself. Are you prepared?
Outlast: Whistleblower,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,74,7.8,M,NaN,As Waylon Park, the whistleblower who emailed Miles Upshur, you’ll witness psycho killers and asylum security face off as all hell truly breaks loose. Survive, and you may just have a chance to expose the terrible secrets at the heart of Mount Massive and unmask the true face of the Murkoff Corporation for all the world to see.
Overcooked,PlayStation 4,Action,78,7.4,E,Ghost Town Games Ltd.,Overcooked is a chaotic couch co-op cooking game for one to four players. Working as a team, you and your fellow chefs must prepare, cook, and serve up a variety of tasty orders before the baying customers storm out in a huff. [Playstation.com]
Overlord: Fellowship of Evil,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,33,2.3,T,Codemasters,A dark and twisted action RPG characterized by the series’ signature black humor.
Overruled!,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Dlala Studios,Pick from a diverse cast of nine characters and challenge friends to a battle with both local and online multiplayer for up to four players.
Overwatch,PlayStation 4,Action,90,6.1,T,Blizzard Entertainment,Overwatch is a highly stylized team-based shooter set on earth in the near future. Every match is an intense multiplayer showdown pitting a diverse cast of soldiers, mercenaries, scientists, adventurers, and oddities against each other in an epic, globe-spanning conflict.
Oxenfree,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,79,8.1,T,Night School Studio,Oxenfree is a supernatural thriller about a group of friends who unwittingly open a ghostly rift. You assume the role of Alex, and you’ve just brought your new stepbrother Jonas to an overnight island party gone horribly wrong.
P.T.,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,8.7,M,7780s Studio,'My voice, can you hear it?
Pac-Man 256,PlayStation 4,Action,79,7.7,E,HIPSTER WHALE,Control Pac-Man as you devour pellets and ghosts in an endless maze, and you must continue moving forward as a wave of glitches follow and destroy you if they get too close. The game ends when you die, so getting as many points as possible is key.
Pac-Man Championship Edition 2,PlayStation 4,Action,80,8.3,E,Bandai Namco Games,A new sequel in the PAC-MAN Championship Edition series comes to next-generation consoles and PC. Taking highlights from the past, PAC-MAN Championship Edition 2 takes the best aspects from Championship Edition and Championship Edition DX and evolves the game for the future Featuring 3D graphics and funky visuals, the latest version of the classic game takes chomping and chasing through mazes to a new level.
Pac-Man Championship Edition 2 + Arcade Game Series,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,NaN,E,Bandai Namco Games,NaN
Pang Adventures,PlayStation 4,Action,63,7.0,E,Pasta Games,A game in which players guide two brothers on a global quest to save humankind from a massive alien invasion.
Paparazzi,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Pringo Dingo Games,Avoid the paparazzi. Catch the celebrity. It's a game of cat and mouse.
Paperbound,PlayStation 4,Action,69,7.3,E10+,Dissident Logic,Paperbound is Smash Bros on crack. Be a gravity ninja as you battle your friends inside old storybooks. Run up walls and on ceilings, and then invert your gravity for a surprise attack. It's chaotic yet strategic. Sometimes, it's madness. Sometimes, it's a cat-and-mouse game. You'll laugh. You'll swear at your friends. You'll want to play another round. In Paperbound, you play as stick men and other characters who come to life via magic dust. Inside Journey to the Center of the Earth, you discover the ability to have your gravity adapt to any curved surface as you run along it. What better way to test this newfound ability than combat?
Paragon,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,6.0,NaN,Epic Games,Paragon is a MOBA from Epic Games that puts you in the fight with explosive action, direct third-person control, and deep strategic choice. Paragon is designed so that every player can compete and win without ever having to spend money. New heroes are added to the ever-expanding roster every three weeks, giving you more choices and new powers. Skill matters - where you aim, when you attack, and how you move. Paragon puts you in direct control of the action in a fully 3D world. Cards give heroes unique powers and capabilities on the battlefield. Build your collection by playing, and create decks that lead your team to victory. Because cards affect power in game, they can only be earned by playing the game. Powerful new heroes join the fray, changing the battle with never-before-seen abilities and ultimates. Be the first to master them in combat, create devastating decks, and lead your team to glory. [Epic Games]
Paranautical Activity,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,CodeAvarice,Paranautical Activity combines the classic FPS action of games like Doom and Quake, with the randomness and difficulty of modern roguelikes like Binding of Isaac and Spelunky.
PaRappa the Rapper 2,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,7.1,E,NanaOn-Sha,The original rap star is back in the house. See if you have enough rhythm to keep the beat with everyone's favorite rappin' puppy. Join Parappa and a cast of new and familiar characters on a mission of the utmost importance: prevent the Evil Noodle Syndicate from turning everything into noodles. Check out the funky fresh tunes that are guaranteed to get your toes tappin' and your head bobbin'.
Party Golf,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Giant Margarita,"Less golf, more party."
Party Hard,PlayStation 4,Action,65,7.1,M,Pinokl Games,In Party Hard, you assume the role of someone who is really tired of the neighbors having loud parties. Instead of calling the police, you decide it’s a better idea to kill everyone – using your faithful knife and the environment. The tactical strategy follows a series of killings at parties through-ought the USA.
Payday 2: Crimewave Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,71,3.9,M,Overkill Software,Payday 2 is an action-packed, four-player co-op heist shooter that once again lets gamers don the masks of the original Payday crew - Dallas, Hoxton, Wolf and Chains. The new CrimeNet network offers a huge range of dynamic contracts and players are free to choose anything from small-time convenience store hits or kidnappings, to cyber-crime or emptying out bank vaults. As the crew progresses the jobs become bigger, better and more rewarding. Along with earning more money and becoming a legendary criminal comes a new character customization and crafting system that lets crews build and customize their own guns and gear.
Payday 2: The Big Score,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Overkill Software,PAYDAY 2 - THE BIG SCORE has all the DLC from PD2 that has been released up through the end of 2015. That's right, all the heists, weapons, characters, masks and more.
Peggle 2,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,72,7.3,E,PopCap,Everything is better with Peggle! Catch Peggle fever now on Xbox One. Master over 120 new levels and trials in the sequel to one of the most addictive puzzle action games of all time. Unleash amazing magic powers as you learn from Peggle Master Bjorn, and 4 all-new masters like the dark and mysterious Luna, while you shoot balls at colorful, challenging boards of pegs to reach Extreme Fever. But there's more! Unlocked costumes allow you to dress up the various masters for laughs. Four-player Peg Party mode lets you deploy your Peggle skills to the utmost against friends and family. Game DVR lets you save and share replays of your most astonishing shots, while Kinect support gives you the chance to aim and shoot with only your hands and voice. Truly, Peggle 2 is a game for our age, and indeed all ages!
Penarium,PlayStation 4,Action,71,7.0,T,Self Made Miracle,Penarium is a frantic 2D arena arcade game in which you take on the role of quirky antihero, Willy. Willy is trapped in a crazy circus show where he needs to run, jump, and avoid an array of killer death-traps while being cheered on by a sadistic crowd that’s out for blood — his blood. [Self Made Miracle]
Perfect Universe,PlayStation 4,Action,60,tbd,E10+,Will Sykes Games,Perfect Universe is a collection of 9 game modes with both single and local multiplayer options varying in complexity — all tied together with a beautiful art style and highly detailed environments.
Persona 5,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Atlus,Beneath the veneer of typical urban high school life, a group of teenagers mask their mysterious alter egos, their "phantom thief" side. Who are they? Why are they dressed as such? What are their motives? And... why are they being pursued? A picaresque coming-of-age story, Persona 5 brings a new twist to the RPG genre. Assume the role of a second-year high school student who becomes a Persona-user through an unexpected incident. Having moved to Tokyo just before the start of the school year, he finds residence at a cafe run by his parents' friend, and is about to get his first taste of school life in the big city. The protagonist seems quiet and well-mannered at first glance, but gives a completely different impression once he has donned his "phantom thief" guise. What is the motivation of his alter ego...? Arsene is the protagonist's initial Persona, characterized by a mask-like face and a pair of huge, black wings. Some suspect an association between its name and the famous gentleman-thief, Arsene Lupin. What is the origin of this Persona, and what power does it hold? This is an account of the wild adventures experienced by a team of young misfits, who grow dramatically along the way. While attending Shujin High School, the protagonist will encounter a number of individuals, each with his or her own distinctive personality and charm. School life in the city is full of surprises and interesting events! It will most definitely be a fun year for the protagonist, living as an ordinary student. However, he and his friends become involved in an incident which leads to the awakening of their Personas. No one would ever suspect that these adolescents will eventually shake the world... Welcome to the next iteration of the Persona series, boasting a brand new metropolitan setting, all-new cast, and fresh, original story. [Atlus]
Phantom Breaker: Battle Grounds Overdrive,PlayStation 4,Action,72,7.0,E10+,5pb,A 2D co-operative, side-scrolling beat ‘em up.
Pharaonic,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,M,Milkstone Studios,A punishing side-scrolling action RPG set in Ancient Egypt. Explore a kingdom full of dangers and tough enemies while you find the truth behind Ahmosis I, the Red Pharaoh. Only the most courageous warriors will have any chance of success.
PieceFall,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Steel Minions,The floating islands of PieceFall were once the site of ancient spiritual monuments dedicated to tranquillity. Since then, the islands have fallen out of balance, and you must rebuild the land piece by piece to restore the monuments. PieceFall is a geometric puzzle game, set in an abstract floating world. Complete puzzles to build structures and enhance your surroundings. Unlock bonuses, earn stars, and maximise your score. Are you ready to accept the challenge, and restore harmony to the islands?
Pier Solar and the Great Architects,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,69,7.0,T,Watermelon Development,Pier Solar is a 16-bit RPG that was originally developed for the Sega Mega Drive & Sega Genesis systems.
Pillar,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,59,6.6,T,MichaelArts,Lost in an intimate snowy town, a palette of individuals are in search of a mysterious artifact said to bring great knowledge and understanding. Lead each character through their quest in this collection of minigames, each with unique personalities and challenges... maybe their paths aren't so different after all.
Pinball FX2: Marvel's Women of Power,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zen Studios,Combining a plethora of stellar female Super Heroes from the Marvel Universe, the Marvel's Women of Power two-pack combines two tables starring Ms. Marvel, Black Widow and more. Defeat Bombshell with Ms. Marvel and friends in Champions, and wage an epic battle in an alternate reality in the A-Force table.
Pirates: Treasure Hunters,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,7.0,T,Virtual Toys,Pirates: Treasure Hunters is a free-to-play MOBA where action dominates the course of battles through dynamic and direct character control. Choose from a broad range of Hunters, each one equipped with unique weapons and skills. Take them to battle and face the opposing team in exciting online matches with up to 6 on 6 players.
Pix the Cat,PlayStation 4,Action,80,6.1,E,Pasta Games,PIX the CAT is an arcade game designed to make your pads sore. Rescue forsaken ducklings from the nested levels of the infamous GRID of INFINITY. Perfect your skills to SPEED and COMBO UP until you reach the FEVER TIME. Defeat your friends at home in the combat ARENA and compete online with the GHOST feature. Surprising surprises are hidden along your adventure, eager to please you when you least expect it.
Pixel Gear,PlayStation 4,Action,51,4.4,E10+,Geronimo Interactive,Pixel Gear is a pixel style VR shoot-em-up with a variety of humorous cartoon monsters and ghosts as enemies. Utlize your skills and weapons to defeat them, gain energy, and apply your skills wisely to slow down time and load up infinite bullets. Observe the environment carefully. And keep on shooting in the pixel battlefield. [Playstation.com]
Pixel Piracy,PlayStation 4,Strategy,50,tbd,T,Abstraction Games,Presented by the creators of TERRARIA. Lead the life of a pirate captain in this open world rogue like sim. Recruit a crew, outfit them, customize your ship and set sail on the open seas! There you’ll use any combination of aggression, diversion and trade to become the most infamous pirate crew of the seven seas. You can raid, pillage and plunder everything in your path, divert and lie to get what you want, or trade for a quick buck. Adventure awaits... [Playstation.com]
PixelJunk Shooter Ultimate,PlayStation 4,Action,82,7.2,E,Double Eleven,Prime your trigger finger for an inventive twin-stick shooter and blast your way through murky caves packed with perils.
Plague Inc: Evolved,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Ndemic Creations,Can you infect the world? Your pathogen has just infected 'Patient Zero'. Now you must bring about the end of human history by evolving a deadly, global Plague whilst adapting against everything humanity can do to defend itself. Plague Inc: Evolved is a unique mix of high strategy and terrifyingly realistic simulation.
PlanetSide 2,PlayStation 4,Action,78,7.1,T,Sony Online Entertainment, Daybreak Games,Across the continents of Auxraxis, thousands of players will come together in enormous battles to win control of critical territories and key resources for their empire. With an extensive skill tree and free-form class-based system, players will be able to customize their soldier, weapons, and vehicles to match their play-style, as well as the needs of their squad, outfit or empire. Battles can last for days or weeks, so players will need to build alliances and specialized combat outfits to take on long-term strategic and tactical initiatives. With air, ground and seaborne combat, the battles will be larger and more intense than ever.
Plants vs Zombies: Garden Warfare,PlayStation 4,Action,75,7.6,E10+,PopCap,Plants vs. Zombies is digging into the trenches with an explosive new 3D experience. Blast zombies, plants, and new characters with inventive weapons across a mine-blowing PvZ world. Take on Co-Op and Multiplayer action with your friends and sow the seeds of victory!
Plants vs Zombies: Garden Warfare 2,PlayStation 4,General,81,7.7,E10+,PopCap,In Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare 2, the zombies have conquered, and the plants are on the attack for the first time in this  shooter. In your Backyard Battleground you can edit your character’s abilities and customizations, choose quests, jump into co-op or multiplayer action modes, or invite up to three friends in to your backyard to start a party and take on AI – defeat a wave, and a more powerful wave will show up. You can also switch teams to challenge your friends. Backyard Battleground is your own frontline base to plan your attack before you enter the battle for Zomburbia. [EA]
Platinum Demo: Final Fantasy XV,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.7,NaN,Square Enix,FINAL FANTASY XV whisks players away to a fragmented dreamscape, introducing an original story with a few unique twists. Join young Noctis and his magical guide as you explore the fantastical world of his dreams.
PlayStation VR Demo Disc,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.3,NaN,Sony Interactive Entertainment,NaN
PlayStation VR WORLDS,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,57,5.9,NaN,Sony Interactive Entertainment,The London Heist -Immerse yourself in London's gritty criminal underworld as you step into the shoes of an east-end gangster. Relive the dramatic heist shootout and survive a high speed getaway. Ocean Descent -Descend through the breath-taking layers of the ocean as a rookie diver and experience the incredible marine life all around you. VR Luge-Feel the exhilaration of an illegal street race down perilous roads as you lay inches off the ground on your luge board. Scavengers Odyssey -Board your dynamic all-terrain alien craft, explore a treacherous nebula and attempt to recover a highly coveted, ancient artefact. Danger Ball-Enter THE competitive sporting event of the future where victory is everything. Master your skills, destroy your rivals and survive to win the tournament. Win or be destroyed.
Pneuma: Breath of Life,PlayStation 4,Adventure,69,7.0,E,Deco Digital,Pneuma: Breath of Life is an enthralling first person puzzler putting gamers minds to the test in a visually stunning world using Unreal Engine 4 and Physically Based Rendering. Pneuma provides players with a sense of awe and a relentless determination to solve every puzzle and progress through a narrated story of self-discovery, exploring the fundamental nature of being. This is the first person puzzler of 2015 which is designed to force players think outside the box and explore beyond what they know as reality. Play as a god, Pneuma, and listen to his comical self-obsessed inner monologue whilst he takes you on a journey exploring and traversing his puzzling world. Rack your brain and progress through a series of environmental challenges that require perception, observation, and lateral thinking skills to succeed. Lift bridges, rotate platforms and move entire buildings all with the power of your mind. This game isn't about your skill with a controller, it's about how you perceive and analyse situations. Push your brain to its limits in this exciting new first person puzzler as Pneuma contemplates the nature of reality and you explore the ontological mystery of the Breath of Life.
Pocket God vs Desert Ashes,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Bolt Creative,Pocket God vs. Desert Ashes plays similarly to Desert Ashes, so you'll get the usual campaign, skirmish and multiplayer modes. The PS Vita, PSTV and PS4 versions also get their own exclusive multiplayer maps.
Poltergeist: A Pixelated Horror,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Glitchy Pixel,Have you ever wondered what it feels to be a ghostly being? You are now the ghost of Mr. Henry B. Knight, looking to drive away everyone who dares to enter your manor and invade your home. Watch them run and scream, scaring them using your intelligence and wit, and with the use of powers like possessions, spectres, altering objects and more. Have fun with each level, play with the occult... and become a Poltergeist! 
Poltergeist: A Pixelated Horror,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Glitchy Pixel,Have you ever wondered what it feels to be a ghostly being? You are now the ghost of Mr. Henry B. Knight, looking to drive away everyone who dares to enter your manor and invade your home. Watch them run and scream, scaring them using your intelligence and wit, and with the use of powers like possessions, spectres, altering objects and more. Have fun with each level, play with the occult... and become a Poltergeist! 
Polychromatic,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Brushfire Games,Polychromatic is a physics-based arcade shooter with a punch of color. 
PONCHO,PlayStation 4,Action,63,4.6,E,Delve Interactive,A robot, a poncho and a journey of discovery! Make your way through this world of pixelated parallax platforming to solve the ultimate puzzle: who is Poncho?
Primal,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,SCE Studio Cambridge,Primal follows Jennifer Tate, a modern-day girl who is ripped from her normal life of being a student and thrown into an epic battle with demon forces from an immortal world. As Jen, you'll assume a host of savage demon forms, each with its own unique powers and abilities. With the help of your ally Scree, unleash devastating combos, finishing moves, and stealth attacks upon legions of enemies. With an intricate weave of plot and multiple sub-plots, Primal will have you spiraling through a world driven by exploration, puzzle-solving, combat, and story.
Primal Carnage: Extinction,PlayStation 4,Action,46,5.8,T,Lukewarm Media, Circle 5, Circle 5 Studios,Primal Carnage: Extinction is a class-based online multiplayer shooter featuring humans versus dinosaurs. 
Prismatic Solid,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Active Gaming Media Inc., Active Gaming Media,A forced rail shooter with a simple and stylish graphic spaces consistent of primitive and solid figures. Numerous amount of particles and tremendous amount of projectiles will thrill you. Impressive effects, expression and evolution. Battle across six different stages against various enemies. Each stage has an unique end-of-stage guardian.
Prison Architect,PlayStation 4,Strategy,80,8.0,M,Introversion, Double Eleven,Build a maximum security prison. Yu need to include all the essentials right down to the plumbing for the toilets, but what else do you include? Guard towers? A workout room? Prevent rioting and stop escapes in Prison Architect.
Prison Architect: All Day And A Night,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,M,Double Eleven,NaN
Pro Evolution Soccer 2015,PlayStation 4,Action,82,7.2,E,Konami,Master a renewed array of dribbling techniques and use your speed, runs and responsive sprints to outdo your opponents. Accost defenders using each player’s dribbling skills, as opposed to relying on gimmick moves. Gamers now have full control over when to close down, tackle, or hold up play. Successful defending is based solely on the decisions the gamer makes. PES 2015 now reflects the atmosphere of a top-tier match. Fan animations have been enhanced, and the ebb and flow of a match is met with context-sensitive crowd effects and movements. 
Pro Evolution Soccer 2016,PlayStation 4,Sports,87,7.1,E,Konami,The upgraded feint moves allow for sudden directional changes that can cause defenders to lose their balance. But the developers have added a new system to the defenders arsenal. With Perfect Defence, players who time their tackles perfectly are able to powerfully shove their opponent out of the way and instantly secure the ball, allowing to create direct turnarounds and counter opportunities.
Pro Evolution Soccer 2016 myClub,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Konami,The widely popular Pro Evolution Soccer 2016 now is available as a Free to Play edition! Play the online mode myClub, offline Exhibition Match and Training mode as free to play content.
Pro Evolution Soccer 2017,PlayStation 4,Sports,85,7.6,E,Konami,In PES 2017, the 1st touch is calculated by player attributes, as well as the further inclusion of real ball physics directly controlled by the input ball touch. See how different players control the ball in unique and different ways based on where and how you control them, dictating the flow of the game based on how they react to the unpredictable movement of the ball. In addition, there is more control in how you receive passes, and depending on the pass, players can visually execute the exact play intended, from receiving a pass to sending the ball out again. [Konami]
Professional Farmer 2017,PlayStation 4,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,E,Visual Imagination Software,Enjoy the life of a farmer with all its myriad tasks and challenges. Drive your unique vehicles, cultivate your fields, take care of your animals, and market your produce. Different seasons and weather conditions promise realistic game fun.
Project CARS,PlayStation 4,Driving,83,6.6,E,Slightly Mad Studios,Create a driver, pick from a variety of motorsports, and shift into high gear to chase a number of Historic Goals and ultimate recognition in the Hall Of Fame. Then test your skills online either in competitive fully-loaded race weekends, leaderboard-based time challenges, or continually-updated community events.
Project CARS: Aston Martin Track Expansion,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Slightly Mad Studios,NaN
Project CARS: Audi Ruapuna Park Expansion,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Slightly Mad Studios,NaN
Project CARS: Classic Lotus Expansion,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Slightly Mad Studios,NaN
Project CARS: Game of the Year Edition,PlayStation 4,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Slightly Mad Studios,Featuring the elements of the original core experience, the Game Of The Year Edition includes an additional 50+ cars, 4 tracks and 60+ community-created liveries, along with 500+ features and improvements since launch.
Project CARS: Japanese Car Pack,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Slightly Mad Studios,NaN
Project CARS: Limited Edition Upgrade,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Slightly Mad Studios,NaN
Project CARS: Modified Car Pack,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Slightly Mad Studios,NaN
Project CARS: Old VS New Car Pack,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Slightly Mad Studios,NaN
Project CARS: Pagani Nurburgring Combined Track Expansion,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Slightly Mad Studios,NaN
Project CARS: Racing Icons Car Pack,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Slightly Mad Studios,NaN
Project CARS: Renault Sport Car Pack,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Slightly Mad Studios,NaN
Project CARS: Stanceworks Track Expansion,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Slightly Mad Studios,NaN
Project CARS: US Race Car Pack,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Slightly Mad Studios,NaN
Project Root,PlayStation 4,Action,45,5.6,T,Pablo Testa,Ending Demetrio Watts is in the hands of a group of unknowns. Depends on Arcturus. The classic choot-em-'up scenario.
Prominence Poker,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.5,T,Pipeworks Software, Inc.,Built around unsuspecting and seedy locations, Prominence is a gambling utopia ruled by crooked goons that are determined to keep you from cashing out. Only here can you find the thrill of high stakes poker while risking everything to take over this underground empire from “The Mayor” — the mysterious town founder. [Playstation.com]
Prototype,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,5.4,M,Radical Entertainment,Discover what lies beyond the edge of evolution.  An all-new, 3rd person open-world/action game, Prototype puts gamers at the helm of Alex Mercer - a genetically mutated shape-shifter with no memory of his past hell-bent on solving the mystery of his existence - as he tears through a densely populated New York City moving with Parkour-style fluidity and consuming anybody that gets in his way... assuming their physical identity, memories and abilities.
Prototype 2,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,5.0,M,Radical Entertainment,Become the ultimate shape-shifting weapon in Prototype 2. Cut through the wastelands of post-viral New York Zero and build a genetic arsenal of all-new biological weapons and abilities on your quest to murder your maker and the devil himself, Alex Mercer. Witness building-size infected beasts ambush entire city streets. Glide and parkour across the cityscape. Take on swarms of highly trained Blackwatch soldiers. Step into the role of Sgt. James Heller, and hunt, kill and become anybody who stands in your way to absorb memories and gain new abilities. Wield the unbelievable Tendril power that allows you to lift and tear apart cars and military vehicles, ensnare powerful infected beasts and shred groups of enemies to pieces. Track down your enemies by emitting sonar pulses from your body. Choose from a wide variety of new Mutation perks, including better locomotion abilities, sharper claws and enhanced disguise abilities, to build and customize the ultimate Prototype. The virus has left the city in ruins, but it's not going to stop you from achieving your goal. Unleash the true power of infection raging within you and kill Alex Mercer.
Prototype Biohazard Bundle,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,48,2.0,M,Radical Entertainment,PROTOTYPE: Discover what lies beyond the edge of evolution. Assume the role of Alex Mercer, a genetically mutated shape-shifter with no memory of his past hell-bent on solving the mystery of his existence as he tears through a densely populated New York City moving with Parkour-style fluidity and consuming anybody that gets in his way... assuming their physical identity, memories and abilities. PROTOTYPE 2: WELCOME TO NEW YORK ZERO. Prototype®2 takes the unsurpassed carnage of the original Prototype and continues the experience of becoming the ultimate shape-shifting weapon. A devastating viral outbreak has claimed the lives of Sgt James Heller’s family and transformed him into a PROTOTYPE. Powered by incredible new shape-shifting powers and abilities, you must hunt, kill and consume your way across the infected wasteland of New York Zero to take revenge on the man responsible: Alex Mercer. Download includes DLC.
Psycho-Pass: Mandatory Happiness,PlayStation 4,Adventure,74,8.1,T,5pb,2112, Tokyo. Decide the fates of Nadeshiko Kugatachi and Takuma Tsurugi, two new detectives assigned to Division 1. Every decision has its own repercussion, victims can become criminals, and the story may end quicker than expected. [Playstation.com]
Psychonauts,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Double Fine Productions,Psychonauts are operatives that possess psychic powers. When a crazy scientist begins abducting Psychonauts for their brains, it's up to you to put an end to it once and for all. Playing as new cadet Raz, you must develop your paranormal powers, which include telekinesis, fire-starting, clairvoyance, and telepathy. Enter the minds of other people to collect figments of their imaginations, to resolve their emotional problems, and to unlock their memory vaults. As you progress in your missions, you'll earn even more psychic powers that will help you solve a variety of puzzles.
Puddle,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,5.5,T,Neko Entertainment,Dive into Puddle, a game unlike any other where you have to guide a puddle of fluid by tilting the environment to the left or right! Play carefully taking friction, gravity and temperature into account, and by using the unique properties of each type of fluid (water, oil, nitroglycerin, molten lava...) in a range of original environments. Conserve as much fluid as possible when crossing a variety of obstacles such as burning passageways, carnivorous plants and electric currents!
Pumped BMX +,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,E,Yeah Us!,Made by a BMXer for everyone who loves a challenge, Pumped: BMX is a true-to-life BMX game created by someone who actually rides. If you're not a BMXer the tutorials will guide you, but prepare yourself for a lesson in trails style.
Pure Chess,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,5.7,E,VooFoo Studios,Chess like you're never seen it before!
Pure Hold 'Em,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,73,4.6,T,VooFoo Studios,Pure Hold’em has full online multiplayer support. You can create a tournament with up to 8 of your friends, or join an open table with other players looking for a quick poker fix. [VooFoo]
Pure Pool,PlayStation 4,Alternative,75,7.1,E,VooFoo Studios,Bring the pool hall home in this recreation of the much-loved sport. Rack up the table with visuals and take your shot at becoming a pool legend. Hone your skills against computer-controlled opponents or your mates - and when your friends take a break, Pure Pool can copy their play style.
Push Me Pull You,PlayStation 4,Sports,75,8.8,E,House House,Push Me Pull You is a four-player videogame about friendship and wrestling. Joined at the waist, you and your partner share a single worm-like body and must wrestle the other sports-monster for control of the ball. It’s a bit like a big hug, or playing soccer with your small intestines. With every action affecting both you and your partner (and mandatory shouting) PMPY combines the best parts of 2v2 local multiplayer with the worst parts of your last breakup.
Putty Squad,PlayStation 4,Action,38,2.9,E10+,System 3,The stretchy blue blob is all set to go digital in high resolution by way of the critically acclaimed Putty Squad videogame. Cited by many gaming publications as one of the best games of its time, Putty Squad follows the story of unlikely hero Putty in an old-skool platform-adventuring quest for his kidnapped friends.
Puzzle Quest: Challenge of the Warlords,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Vicious Cycle,Set in the Warlords universe, Puzzle Quest challenges gamers to create, develop and customize the ultimate hero to save the land of Etheria from the evil Lord Bane. In order to advance, players battle in turn-based, head-to-head "match-three" style puzzle games in one of three distinct gameplay modes: Single-player allows gamers to battle against the computer AI as they embark on over 150 challenging quests, Instant Action allows gamers to jump in and immediately play continuous battles to level-up characters without participating in quests, and Multiplayer allows gamers to battle live opponents via wireless connectivity. Victory will advance the player's hero, magical arsenal, creature companions and more - ultimately rewarding gamers at nearly every turn and providing endless hours of replayablity.
Q*bert: Rebooted,PlayStation 4,Action,44,5.2,E,LOOT Entertainment,Q*bert is Back @!?@!
Q.U.B.E. Director's Cut,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,76,8.0,T,Toxic Games,The Director’s Cut is the definitive version of Q.U.B.E. featuring new content, puzzles and an all new story line from award winning writer Rob Yescombe.
Quiplash,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.7,T,Jackbox Games, Inc.,Quiplash is a comedic party game designed with the same irreverence as The Jackbox Party Pack. Up to 8 players compete against one another to improvise clever responses to open-ended questions like “An alternate use for a banana” or “Something you’d be surprised to see a donkey do” before turning to a group vote to determine the best and/or funniest answers.
Qurare: Magic Library,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,4.8,T,palmple,In this next-gen card battle RPG, you'll find yourself immersed in the vast sea of stories that span multiple dimensions, enjoying exciting adventures with charming librarians and tons of cool Kodices.
R.B.I. Baseball 14,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,2.2,E,MLB.com,Simple. Fun. Classic. The retro baseball gameplay youve been craving is back and updated with modern graphics, 2014 players and all 30 MLB teams. Play season, postseason and exhibition mode. Experience PURE FUN that everyone can enjoy solo or with a friend!
R.B.I. Baseball 15,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,4.5,E,MLB.com,Features authentic ballparks with unique characteristics from every Major League Baseball club. Modify your lineup with complete MLB rosters or play classic R.B.I. Baseball mode with 16 player rosters. Stat tracking by team, player and season league leaders across multiple seasons. Features over 1,000 MLB Players with detailed attributes based on hundreds of millions of data points from the MLB.com database. 
R.B.I. Baseball 16,PlayStation 4,Sports,52,2.4,E,MLB AM,Make the play with your favorite Major League Baseball team and win the World Series! R.B.I. 16 features enhanced lighting and graphics, revamped defensive AI, an improved batting system, and the ability to sim through games in Season mode.
Rabbids Invasion,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,4.4,E10+,Ubisoft,Play full-motion minigames like Match the Pose, Speed Drawing, Dance Like Crazy, Sticker Hunt, and more. Launch Rabbids through the air, control the characters in the show, have a virtual egg battle with Rabbids, and compete with your friends along the way. 
Race the Sun,PlayStation 4,Action,76,6.0,E,Flippfly,You are a solar-powered craft. The sun is your death timer. Hurtle towards the sunset at breakneck speed in a futile race against time.
Rack N Ruin,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,59,6.6,T,LifeSpark Entertainment,Rack N Ruin is a top-down, action adventure game melded with a classic shmup.
Rainbow Moon,PlayStation 4,Strategy,70,6.0,E10+,SideQuest Studios,Download Rainbow Moon and embark on an epic adventure through a beautiful open world! 
Rally Copters,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Depth First Games,Beat back gravity and time in a test of determination by maneuvering through twenty-seven harrowing courses. Track your progress, discover tricks, and find shortcuts to help you rip through levels and unlock faster and more agile helicopters.
Randal's Monday,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nexus Game Studio,A kleptomaniac, a sociopath and a horrible friend. Randal is potentially one of the most scurrile protagonists since the invention of the hoverboard. Randal's Monday is a crazy space-time odyssey in classic adventure design, spiced up with countless geek culture references of the last 30 years.
Ratchet & Clank,PlayStation 4,Action,85,8.6,E10+,Insomniac Games,Play the game, based on the movie, based on the game. Ratchet & Clank (PS4) is a new game based on elements from the original Ratchet & Clank (PS2). Developed alongside the major motion CG-animated picture coming to theatres in 2016, Ratchet & Clank (PS4) marks the PlayStation 4 debut of PlayStation's greatest heroes. Join Ratchet, Clank, Captain Qwark and new friends as they battle to save the Solana Galaxy from the evil Chairman Drek. With an hour of new cinematics (including footage from the film), Ratchet & Clank (PS4) takes a deeper look at the characters' origin stories and modernizes the original gameplay. Explore the galaxy in a game that features new planets, new and updated gameplay segments, all-new bosses, all-new Clank gameplay, all-new flight sequences, and much more --- with completely new visuals built to demonstrate the power of the PS4. Battle your enemies with an out-of-this-world arsenal, including new weapons and fan-favorite tools of destruction from the Ratchet & Clank Future series. From the brand new Pixelizer (which transforms enemies into explosive 8-bit pixels) to franchise favorites like the dance-party-inducing Groovitron and wise-cracking robotic bodyguard Mr. Zurkon, Ratchet & Clank's arsenal has never been better. Help Ratchet and Clank save the galaxy for the first time, again, exclusively on PlayStation 4.
Rayman Legends,PlayStation 4,Action,90,8.5,E10+,Ubisoft Montpellier,There are several differences and new features in this PS4 version. In this version the textures of the game are more compressed, so you can see that the game’s graphics are clearer and more detailed than before. You will also see that there is no loading time when you enter or exit a level, which makes the navigation even faster and more enjoyable. Ubisoft has also integrated a new Camera Mode on PS4. By pressing the touchpad of the PS4 joystick, you pause the game and enter this mode, and by moving your fingers on the touchpad, you zoom in and out on the image and drag the image frame; and finally, by pressing the Share button, you can take a photo and share it with everyone. This Camera Mode is a great way to observe in detail all the characters and settings of the game, and a great way of expression to create wacky images with the elements found in the game. On PS4, you can also use the touchpad to scrape the famous Lucky Tickets, then you will really feel like you’re scraping lottery tickets (with the sound of scraping straight from the PS4 joystick). Finally, in this PS4 version, you’ll also find new playable heroes: Assassin Ray (a character inspired by Edward Kenway, the hero of Assassin’s Creed IV: Black Flag), Funky Ray (a delusional character that you can unlock by using Uplay points), and Champion Ray (a character who will be offered to the best players of the community and those who live in this community; this character correspond to the new VIP status, visible in the rankings of online challenges). [Playstation Blog]
Rebel Galaxy,PlayStation 4,Action,64,6.8,T,Double Damage Games,Rebel Galaxy is a swashbuckling space adventure, with action-packed combat, exploration, discovery, trade, and “negotiation” with outlandish denizens at the edge of the known universe.
Red Dead Revolver,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Rockstar Games,Learn the ways of the Wild West as a bounty hunter seeking vengeance. Red Dead Revolver tells the story of Red, a man on a mission to kill General Diego--the rogue Mexican general who murdered Red's family for gold. As Red, you'll have a variety of weapons to choose from, including pistols, rifles, shotguns, and dynamite. Dusty towns, windswept prairies, rugged saloons--the game integrates all of the elements of a classic Western movie.
Red Goddess: Inner World,PlayStation 4,Action,49,7.1,E10+,Yanim Studio,A Metroidvania with an epic journey that features mystical-fantasy storytelling in a universe filled with symbolism. [Yanim Studio]
Replay: VHS is not dead,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Team Replay,REPLAY is a platform game in which you manipulate time.
Republique,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,72,5.7,M,Camouflaj, LLC,In République on PS4, players finally take full control of Hope, a young woman held captive inside Metamorphosis, a shadowy totalitarian state ruled by the omnipresent Overseer. By hacking into this secret nation’s elaborate surveillance network, players and Hope begin a treacherous journey to freedom.
Resident Evil 0: HD Remaster,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,70,7.8,M,Capcom,Resident Evil 0 reveals the truth behind the Mansion Incident, the catalyst for the entire storyline of the Resident Evil series. This remastered version takes the story and gameplay of the original and adds stunning HD graphics, 5.1 channel surround sound, optional modernized controls and widescreen TV compatibility. Get ready to discover the terrible secrets lurking in the origins of evil.
Resident Evil 4,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,82,7.9,M,Capcom,Resident Evil 4 marks a new chapter in the Resident Evil series. You'll rejoin Leon S. Kennedy six years after his first mission as a rookie cop from Resident Evil 2. Now a US agent, Leon is on a top secret mission to investigate the disappearance of the president's daughter. As Leon, you must make your way to a mysterious location in Europe, where new enemies await. Take them down by using enhanced aim-and-shoot features and a new action button.
Resident Evil 5,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,69,7.4,M,Capcom,The biohazard threat has not ended: Just when it seemed that the menace of Resident Evil had been destroyed, along comes a new terror to send shivers down players' spines. Chris Redfield, returning Resident Evil hero, has followed the path of the evil literally around the globe. After joining a new organization, Chris heads to Africa where the latest bioterrorism threat is literally transforming the people and animals of the city into mindless, maddened creatures. He is joined by a new partner, Sheva Alomar, who lends her strength, intelligence and sharp-shooting skills to the mission. In order to survive, Chris and Sheva must work together to take on the challenges of discovering the truth behind this evil plot. Utilizing a revolutionary new 2-player co-op mode of gameplay, players assume control of either Chris or Sheva and experience Resident Evil in new ways. In Resident Evil 5, Capcom has players fearing the daylight as much as they have feared shadow in previous games.
Resident Evil 6,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,60,6.9,M,Capcom,Resident Evil 6 is a Survival-Horror game that continues the struggle against the series' signature zombie inducing bio-terror, while raising the bar with all new game functionality. Players enjoy a diverse play experience, highlighted by the ability to select between three scenarios featuring multiple characters and intertwined storylines. Within these scenarios both stories and action cross paths. Additional features include zombies as well as new enemies, upgradable firepower and characters, vehicle based options, the mini-game based Mercenaries mode, and single-player and co-op play options.
Resident Evil 7: biohazard,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,M,Capcom,While Resident Evil 7 draws from the series’ roots of atmospheric survival horror, it also delivers a new level of terror. In the Resident Evil games of yesteryear, players braced for fear in the first-person via the creepy door-opening scenes, and Resident Evil 7 ramps up that tension with an immersive first-person view and a photorealistic graphical style. Capcom is able to achieve a higher degree of visual fidelity thanks to the new proprietary in-house RE Engine that includes VR oriented tools. With the RE Engine plus industry leading audio and visual technologies, you experience every abhorrent detail up close and personal in Resident Evil 7. Playing the game in the PlayStation VR Mode escalates the unsettling feeling of presence to a level that horror fans have never experienced. The full gameplay experience is available in the included PlayStation VR Mode from beginning to end. No Resident Evil you’ve ever survived could prepare you for this. [Capcom]
Resident Evil HD Remaster,PlayStation 4,Horror,83,8.3,M,Capcom,In 1998 a special forces team was sent to investigate some bizarre murders on the outskirts of Raccoon City. Upon arrival they were attacked by a pack of blood-thirsty dogs and were forced to take cover in a nearby mansion. But the scent of death hung heavy in the air. Supplies were scarce as they struggled to stay alive. 
Resident Evil: Origins Collection,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.6,M,Capcom,Two games. Two nightmares. Explore the origins of the best-selling survival horror series with these remastered versions of the original Resident Evil and Resident Evil 0.
Resident Evil: Revelations 2,PlayStation 4,Horror,75,7.7,M,Capcom,In Revelations 2, Raid Mode begins with choosing a character, and there are several characters to match all tastes. After that, you'll customize your weapons and skills to prepare for deployment. Raid Mode has been about collecting loot such as weapons, custom parts, and currency; in Revelations 2, you'll also find treasure chests thrown into the mix. Remember, however, your ultimate goal is to find and break the goal emblem at the end of each stage. Raid Mode allows for cooperative play -- including local two-player split-screen. Grab a friend and get ready to shoot your way through this additional mode. 
Resident Evil: Revelations 2 - Episode 1: Penal Colony,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,75,7.1,M,Capcom,The first episode is entitled Penal Colony. Claire Redfield, one of the only survivors of the Raccoon City incident of 1998, has since joined an NGO called Terra Save, whose mission is to assist victims of biological weaponry. During an event at Terra Save’s HQ, a mysterious force abducts Claire and her co-workers and moves them to a creepy deserted island.
Resident Evil: Revelations 2 - Episode 2: Contemplation,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,75,6.6,M,Capcom,Episode 2 picks off on the island where the events of "Penal Colony" left off.
Resident Evil: Revelations 2 - Episode 3: Judgment,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,77,6.8,M,Capcom,Resident Evil Revelations 2 - Episode 1 required; sold separately. Xbox Live free membership required. Xbox Live Gold membership required for multiplayer features. Episode Three: Judgment Neil is caught in the Overseer's trap. Following a clue he left behind, Claire and Moira search for a way into the Overseer's tower. Meanwhile, Barry confronts a dangerous figure with a mysterious connection to Natalia's past. Lives and ulterior motives intertwine, never knowing what fate the island has in store.
Resident Evil: Revelations 2 - Episode 4: Metamorphosis,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,75,7.1,M,Capcom,Resident Evil Revelations 2 - Episode 1 required; sold separately. Xbox Live free membership required. Xbox Live Gold membership required for multiplayer features. Episode Four: Metamorphosis Claire and Moira make for the tower's top floor and a final confrontation with the Overseer. Will they survive and escape the island? Meanwhile, having learned of his daughter's fate, Barry prepares for the final confrontation, to keep Natalia from harm and have his revenge. Two timelines collide in this nail-biting final chapter.
Resident Evil: Revelations 2 - Extra Episode 1: The Struggle,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Capcom,Moira fights to survive the horrors of the island with the help of an old hand. This is her story of struggle and redemption.
Resident Evil: Revelations 2 - Extra Episode 2: Little Miss,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Capcom,Natalia dreams that her favorite teddy bear, Lottie, has gone missing. Startled, she awakens face-to-face with another version of herself. Unsure if it is still a dream, together they go in search of Lottie. This is the story of Natalia's mysterious adventure.
Resogun,PlayStation 4,Action,84,7.7,E10+,Housemarque, XDEV,RESOGUN is a visceral fast-paced shoot em' up developed exclusively for the PS4 system. Unleash a varied array of devastating weapons including lasers, missiles, overdrive, and nova-bombs to blast hordes of enemies and rescue the last survivors from distant galactic colonies that are under ruthless attack from an evil alien invasion force.
Resogun: Defenders,PlayStation 4,Action,85,7.2,NaN,XDEV,The expansion features two new game modes — Protector and Commando — new ships, and all new planets.
Resogun: Heroes,PlayStation 4,Action,86,7.4,E10+,XDEV,In Demolition, take the fight to Avernus at night, armed only with a proximity bomb that recharges after each use. No other weapons, boost or overdrive here. What you do have is the Wrecking Ball. When it’s caught in the explosion of your proximity bomb, it will fly off around Avernus destroying everything it hits… including you.
RETSNOM,PlayStation 4,Action,60,tbd,T,SOMI,RETSNOM is a puzzle platformer game in pixel art style that allows players to alter the game environment by mirroring sections of the level and rearranging it on the fly. Mirrors reflect objects left to right. Players should understand the way how mirrors flip the world to solve the stages. The ability to bend the world to player’s will is a very cool gameplay mechanic, that rewards experimentation as players make their way through this rather sinister world. You have a daughter. She is unfortunately infected by a zombie virus. The only way to save your daughter is to visit the laboratory in the future and steal the medicine that is expected to be made by your colleagues. But the future research team is hiding in the maze using mirrors. They decorated the maze using features of a mirror in each level. [Playstation.com]
Reus,PlayStation 4,Strategy,74,tbd,E10+,Soedesco,In Reus, you control powerful giants that help you shape the planet to your will. You can create mountains and oceans, forests and more. Enrich your planet with plants, minerals and animal life. There is only one thing on the planet that you do not control: mankind, with all their virtues and and all their vices. You can shape their world, but not their will. Provide for them and they may thrive. Give them too much, and their greed may gain the upper hand.
Rez Infinite,PlayStation 4,Action,90,7.4,E10+,Q Entertainment, Monstars Inc., Enhance Games,To resolve the world's rising crime rates, a new system called Project-K was created. However, Eden, the core of Project-K, has fallen into a vegetative state. Now it's up to you, a hacker, to travel through a cyberspace filled with firewalls, viruses, and other obstacles, and jump-start the system's artificial intelligence. Scattered throughout the levels are evolution spheres, which let you transform into more powerful humanoid forms. The game features a pounding soundtrack and unique vector worlds.
RIDE,PlayStation 4,Racing,66,7.0,E,Milestone S.r.l,The game features over one hundred bike models across 4 different categories: Superbikes, Supersports, Naked Bikes and Historic Bikes.
Ride 2,PlayStation 4,Racing,72,7.9,E,Milestone S.r.l,Welcome to the temple of motorcycles, the only digital garage that will allow you to discover, transform and test the world’s fastest, most iconic and original vehicles. The top of the range of the most famous brands will await you to compete against each other in a unique videogame and show the world their full potential. Over 200 bikes are the undisputed protagonists of the new chapter of this long-waited two-wheel racing game! Feel the adrenaline rush through your veins and face the most dreadful bends with the passion and the boldness of a professional rider. [Milestone]
RIGS: Mechanized Combat League,PlayStation 4,Simulation,77,8.4,T,Guerilla Cambridge,Launching exclusively for PlayStation VR, RIGS throws you into explosive battle arenas where mechanised combat and futuristic sports collide head-on. Immerse yourself into a single player experience that will push your skills to the limit and sharpen your team tactics. Unlock new and more powerful RIGS to then take online against the world. Compete in a series of sporting events in the Mechanized Combat League – a near future sports league which pits teams of pilots against each other in real world locations. Face off against other teams from around the globe and enjoy an unprecedented sense of spatial awareness in multiple game modes with hero RIGS at your disposal.
Riptide GP2,PlayStation 4,Driving,No score yet,7.3,E,Vector Unit Inc.,Rev up your rocket-powered hydro jet and put your racing skills to the test as you rip across an ever-changing torrent of waves in Riptide GP 2. Race through futuristic cityscapes, twisting canals and rivers, open harbors and mysterious research facilities. Hurl yourself off sky-high jumps and bust out death defying stunts. Build a collection of powerful watercraft and customize their performance and paint schemes to suit your individual style. 
Riptide GP: Renegade,PlayStation 4,General,71,6.5,E10+,Vector Unit,Enter a future with illicit hydrojet racing, where armored riders kick out death-defying stunts over massive waterfalls, dodge cops through public waterways, and boost at breakneck speeds across surging waves.
Rise of the Kasai,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,BottleRocket Entertainment,The sequel to The Mark of Kri, Rise of the Kasai builds upon the original action game with new storylines, characters, weapons, and gameplay features. This time, you can team up with your AI-controlled characters to fight through 10 expansive levels. You can play as Rau, Tati, Griz, or Baumusu--each with unique weapons, combos, and animations. As the last of the Rakus, you and your team must scout, strategize, and fight through magical environments, where you'll discover the truth about the family's dark secret and the origins of the Kasai.
Rise of the Tomb Raider: 20 Year Celebration,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,88,8.3,M,Crystal Dynamics, Nixxes Software,Lara Croft embarks on her first Tomb Raiding expedition to the most treacherous and remote regions of Siberia. Rise of the Tomb Raider: 20 Year Celebration also includes the new “Blood Ties” single player content, VR support, new Co-op play for Endurance mode, and more. [Playstation.com]
Risen 3: Titan Lords - Enhanced Edition,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,51,4.5,M,Piranha Bytes,The Enhanced Edition offers a graphical quality level comparable with the "Ultra" settings on the original PC release of Risen 3: Titan Lords and surpasses the originals visuals in a number of areas.
RISK,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,58,6.1,E10+,Zoe Mode,Modern combat meets RISK - the classic game of global domination. RISK steps into the near future with modern armies. Using the 2010 rules as standard, Risk offers an exciting strategic experience. Direct the war from your high-tech control room, fighting on the classic map layout on 3D; Deploy tanks, planes and infantry All in the modern warfare twist on the classic game of global domination! Xbox Live league play allows you to compete with people from around the world.
Risk of Rain,PlayStation 4,Action,81,7.7,T,Hopoo Games,Risk of Rain is an action platformer with roguelike elements. With permanent death as a primary feature, players will have to play their best to get as far as possible. Fight on a mysterious planet with randomly spawning enemies and bosses, either alone or with 3 friends in online co-op.
Risk: Urban Assault,PlayStation 4,Strategy,61,8.3,E10+,Zoe Mode,Helm your troops to victory with Risk Urban Assault. In a post-apocalyptic world, exhort your armies and march across some of the most famous cities around the globe. From Shanghai to New York, act cunning and play strategically to defeat your opponents.
RIVE,PlayStation 4,Action,74,8.5,E10+,Two Tribes,Rive is a metal-wrecking, robot-hacking shooter. This 360-degree shooter/platformer hybrid lets you choreograph a dance of destruction during an insane sequence of spectacular battles and set pieces. Rive feels like the explosive games of yore, pumping megapixels in true 21st century style. [Playstation.com]
River City Super Sports Challenge: All Stars Special,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Arc System Works,NaN
Road Not Taken,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,70,5.5,E,Spry Fox,Road Not Taken is a roguelike puzzle game about surviving the surprises in life. You assume the role of a ranger adventuring through a vast, unforgiving forest in the aftermath of a brutal winter storm, rescuing children who have lost their way. Randomly generated levels deliver a limitless supply of possibilities to explore and challenges to overcome. Your actions influence not only your own story, but the stories of the villagers you hope to befriend and the town you call home.
Robinson: The Journey,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Crytek,NaN
Rock Band 4,PlayStation 4,Action,78,6.4,T,Harmonix Music Systems,Rock Band 4 offers the unique social play of a full band experience—featuring a next-gen microphone, wireless drums and guitar, and a revamped world tour campaign mode.  Add your personal signature to every performance. With Freestyle Guitar Solo, you can string together blistering licks and wow the crowd with your own incendiary solos.  With a soundtrack featuring some of the world's biggest acts, plus an ever-expanding catalog of over 1,500 playable songs, it’s easy to put together a keen set list.
Rock Band Rivals,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Harmonix Music Systems,The Rock Band Rivals expansion brings new features to Rock Band 4. Perform your way through an epic rock documentary about your band in a new campaign mode, join Crews to prove your skill and crush your opponents through weekly online challenges, and get a free backstage pass to months of additional game updates, including Synchronous Online Multiplayer with your friends this holiday. [Harmonix]
Rock Boshers DX: Director's Cut,PlayStation 4,Action,74,6.5,E10+,Tikipod Limited,Get ready to take a trip back to the 80s, the 1880s!
Rocket League,PlayStation 4,Racing,85,8.7,E,Psyonix,Features improved physics, faster gameplay, and better visuals. An all-new Season Mode with unlockable items, multiple arenas, and more
Rocket League: Back to the Future Car Pack,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Psyonix,NaN
Rocket League: Chaos Run,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Psyonix,NaN
Rocket League: Revenge of the Battle-Cars,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Psyonix,NaN
Rocket League: Supersonic Fury,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Psyonix,NaN
Rocket League: Utopia Coliseum,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Psyonix,NaN
Rocketbirds 2: Evolution,PlayStation 4,Action,67,7.0,T,Ratloop Asia Pte Ltd,iL Putzki, that dastardly Penguin despot, is still alive - and the evil totalitarian Penguin regime seems stronger than ever! What's up with that? Uncover the sinister plot as Hardboiled Chicken, the Original Coq of War, and put an end to it, once and for all - in the full, single player story campaign. After the fall of Albatropolis, General Puff and the Budgie Commandos have set up residence in the old hotel and are getting themselves organized. Assemble a strike force of great magnitude and go on rescue missions behind enemy lines in the game's 1 - 4 player Rescue Mode. Leave no bird behind.
ROCKETSROCKETSROCKETS,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Radial Games Corp.,RocketsRocketsRockets is a game in which you fly rockets that rocket rockets at other rockets! The ultimate rush of arcade arena action, with the fluidity and amazing feel of soaring through space.
Rocksmith 2014 Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,82,7.5,T,Ubisoft,The Rocksmith 2014 Edition is rebuilt from the ground up, and you'll experience improved features, a new look, more flexible and deeper practice tools, new techniques and tunings, over 50 new hit songs, and more. With the Session Mode, Rocksmith 2014 Edition takes guitar-learning to a new level by allowing you to play guitar with a virtual band that follows your every lead. Select from an assortment of backing instruments or styles, and Session Mode reacts to the notes you play.
Rocksmith 2014 Edition: Remastered,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Ubisoft,Rocksmith becomes your personal guitar teacher as it monitors how you play, dynamically adjusts the difficulty to your skill level, and slowly introduces more notes and phrases until you're playing songs note-for-note. Plug any real guitar or bass into your console or PC using the included Rocksmith Real Tone Cable and learn to play with your favorite songs. This latest edition adds six bonus songs to a tracklist filled with 50 hits. 
Rogue Galaxy,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.2,T,Level 5,From the developers of the critically acclaimed Dark Cloud 2 and Dragon Quest series, Level-5 delivers an unparalleled role-playing game experience with Rogue Galaxy for the PS2.  Set in a vast world, this action-RPG provides gamers with visually stunning backdrops, an immersive storyline with plenty of unexpected twists, and a proprietary combat system that gives the player total control of an epic adventure.  Control up to three characters at a time, each colorfully brought to life within highly detailed environments.  In addition to the compelling storyline, gamers will have access to multiple mini-games and be able to generate custom weapons and items by creating their own factory.
Rogue Legacy,PlayStation 4,Action,85,7.8,E10+,Cellar Door Games,Each time you die, your child will succeed you. Every child is unique. One child might be colorblind, another might have tourettes-- they could even be a dwarf.
Rogue Stormers,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Black Forest Games,Rogue Stormers combines run ‘n’ gun mayhem with roguelike and RPG elements, crazy 3D graphics and team play for one to 4 players, online and offline.
Rollers of the Realm,PlayStation 4,Action,75,7.1,T,Phantom Compass,Rollers of the Realm is a new title from Atlus and Phantom Compass that combines arcade pinball with fantasy role-playing.
Romance of the Three Kingdoms XIII,PlayStation 4,Strategy,67,7.1,E10+,Koei Tecmo Games,With all officers playable, the lives of these colorful characters, the bonds created during battles, and much more combine to create a fresh new human drama. Strategy and battles, like naval battles and sieges, are done on a great scale, turning them into grand epic spectacles. We also use the vast expanse of China as a background to the “dynamism” of hundreds of characters each striving to expand their Force. All of this allows the player to experience the world of the Three Kingdoms like never before. The player becomes one of the characters of the Three Kingdoms drama and whether as a genius strategist, an unparalleled warrior, or something else, he must at times cooperate and at other times compete as he creates his own personal story of heroism in ancient China. [KOEI]
Root Letter,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,NaN,M,Kadokawa,NaN
Rory McIlroy PGA Tour,PlayStation 4,Traditional,61,3.7,E,EA Tiburon,Gameplay offers multiple ways to play, including arcade controls where the left stick is used to control power and accuracy, with the ability to add spin to the shot while the ball is in the air. In addition to the arcade controls, the return of 3-Click swings appeals to nostalgic gamers who prefer to set power and accuracy by tapping a button rather than moving a thumbstick. Those looking for an extra challenge can turn on Tour settings. When playing with Tour controls, the length of your backswing and speed of your follow through determine power, while the club path through the ball will be the most important factor in accounting for accuracy. Fans can also mix and match all three settings to create their own custom gameplay style. Courses themselves also affect how your shots are played, as firmer, links-style courses like St. Andrews provides more bounce and roll, while softer courses such as TPC Sawgrass have less bounce and be more receptive to spin. [EA Sports]
Roundabout,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,M,No Goblin,Roundabout is an open world driving puzzle game where you control a constantly rotating limousine! Pick up passengers, find secret collectables, take on dangerous missions, and fall in love while reliving the 1977 rise to fame story of Georgio Manos.
Rugby 15,PlayStation 4,Alternative,19,3.4,E,HB Studios Multimedia,Take the helm of official teams and clubs from the most prestigious leagues: the Aviva Premiership Rugby, the PRO 12 and, in a world exclusive, the TOP 14 and PRO D2.
Rugby Challenge 3,PlayStation 4,Sports,64,7.1,E,Wicked Witch Software,Create your own super star players, build your own ultimate Rugby team and customise the look of the game with Rugby Challenge 3.
Rugby League Live 3,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,7.6,E,Big Ant Studios,Featuring: Be a Pro mode, Fanhub Player Sharing, a Dynamic Tacking System, and Action replay! Plus all 2014/2015 rule changes, updates to current 2015 rosters and team uniforms.
Rugby World Cup 2015,PlayStation 4,Sports,25,1.8,E,HB Studios Multimedia,Choose from among the 20 teams in the World Cup and take part in the most prestigious competition in rugby.
Saint Seiya: Soldiers' Soul,PlayStation 4,Action,59,7.7,T,Dimps Corporation,Follow the adventures of your favorite characters through all the chapters of the manga, from the Twelve Zodiac Temples to Hades dark kingdom. And for the first time ever, travel to the frozen land of Asgard to defeat Polaris Hilda and her mighty army of God Warriors.
Saints Row IV: Re-Elected,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,75,7.2,M,Volition Inc.,Saints Row IV: Re-Elected + Gat out of Hell finds you leaping over buildings, singing songs, fight in a 2D side-scroller, cure cancer, save Santa Claus... all this and more awaits you when you play Saints Row IV: Re-Elected, a special bundle that includes Saints Row IV and all of its' DLC. After saving the world from a terrorist attack the leader of the 3rd Street Saints is elected to become President of the United States. Things go reasonably well for The President until an alien warlord named Zinyak attacks the white house and abducts his entire cabinet. Now stuck inside a reality bending simulation, the President and the Saints fight to save themselves, Earth, and the entire galaxy.
Saints Row IV: Re-Elected & Gat Out of Hell,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,66,7.5,M,Volition Inc.,Saints Row IV: Re-Elected + Gat out of Hell find you leaping over buildings, singing songs, fight in a 2D side-scroller, cure cancer, save Santa Claus... all this and more awaits you when you play Saints Row IV: Re-Elected, a special bundle that includes Saints Row IV and all of its' DLC. After saving the world from a terrorist attack the leader of the 3rd Street Saints is elected to become President of the United States. Things go reasonably well for The President until an alien warlord named Zinyak attacks the white house and abducts his entire cabinet. Now stuck inside a reality bending simulation, the President and the Saints fight to save themselves, Earth, and the entire galaxy.
Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,64,5.7,M,Volition Inc.,Get with Johnny Gat & Kinzie Kensington as you tear apart Hell in a mission to save the Boss’ soul. Historic icons, old friends, older enemies, a talking gun, a full length musical number and more shenanigans await you.
Salt and Sanctuary,PlayStation 4,Action,84,8.1,M,Ska Studios,Salt and Sanctuary casts you as a sailor shipwrecked on a strange, purgatorial island, insulated somehow against a backdrop of centuries-old worldwide perpetual war. What hope remains is isolated in Sanctuaries: protected dwellings where travelers band together under common creeds to take shelter from the hostile world outside.
Samurai Warriors 4,PlayStation 4,Action,76,8.1,T,Omega Force,The game's primary mode, Story Mode, is separated into 2 parts, regional stories, which tell the tales of the officers of various regions around the land such as Kyūshū and Shikoku, and the story of unification, which details events up to the end of the Warring States era. By way of contrast to previous games in the SW series, the battles and the stories surrounding them are portrayed by faction, allowing the dramatic relationships between characters to be explored in more depth than ever before. Experience the convictions, intertwining ambitions and motivations that each character bears for yourself. [KOEI]
Samurai Warriors 4 Empires,PlayStation 4,Action,71,6.5,T,Omega Force,This installment sees the return of the battle system from SAMURAI WARRIORS 2 Empires, in which bases are joined together by supply lines, necessitating a strategic pushing up of the front lines in order to dominate the field of battle. Additionally, you can now issue individual orders to customize the behavior of each officer. A maximum of eight officers can be taken into battle, and by deepening relationships between officers, the player can freely switch between these characters. The ability to switch between as many as eight playable characters allows for greater variety and strategic depth in battle. [Koei]
Samurai Warriors 4-II,PlayStation 4,Action,73,7.2,T,Omega Force,Naomasa Ii appears as a playable character for the first time, and the various personalities of the age are explored in more depth in Story Mode, which is now focused on individual characters.
Saturday Morning RPG,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.5,E10+,Mighty Rabbit Studios, Joystick Labs, LLC,Saturday Morning RPG is an episodic role-playing game firmly set in a world inspired by 1980s Saturday morning cartoons.
Schrodinger's Cat and the Raiders of the Lost Quark,PlayStation 4,Action,61,tbd,E,Italic Pig,Schrödinger’s Cat is a frantic, wacky and colourful puzzle-laden platform game. Following an emergency, the Particle Zoo is overrun with hungry leptons, sticky-fingered gluons and massive bosons. Schrödinger’s Cat must sort out this chaos.
Score Rush Extended,PlayStation 4,Action,80,8.2,E,Xona Games,Score Rush Extended is a widescreen bullet-hell dual-stick shmup — a 4-player overhead-scrolling 2D shooter chock full of power-ups, enemies, and bosses. The Playstation 4 version features updated gameplay and new artwork and features Dual Play (control 2 fighters as once) and Boss Rush modes. [Xona Games]
Scrabble,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.3,E,Ubisoft Chengdu,Play with friends in person, online, or add virtual opponents. Virtual opponents range from easy to very difficult to beat, and will respond to the player’s actions and strategies over time, allowing players to either engage in casual fun or play with a real challenge.
Scram Kitty DX,PlayStation 4,Action,74,7.3,E,Dakko Dakko,Take control of a rail-riding, laser-shooting young hero on a perilous quest to find his kidnapped pet cat! With a unique control system that allows for 360 degree platforming action and exciting 2D shooting, Scram Kitty and his Buddy on Rails pits players against an army of intelligent, mechanized rodents. Glide along glowing rails, leap across chasms and leave arcing streams of shots as you rid each stage of the rodent aggressors and locate the keys to the numerous cat cages. Keys are attached to specific objectives, adding a multi-layered design to stages and adding replay value for completionists who won't rest until every cat is free!
Screencheat,PlayStation 4,Action,69,tbd,E10+,Samurai Punk,Screencheat is the ridiculous split-screen shooter where everyone is invisible so you have to screencheat (Screencheat - verb: to look at your opponents screens. Stop screencheating you cheater!). Master a wide variety of one-hit kill weapons including a blunderbuss, a car engine that shoots bouncing plasma balls and a teddy bear loaded with explosives. Train your skills in the solo time trials then engage in fast and frantic combat with up to eight players locally on the couch or online. With colourful maps, unique modes and a huge number of customisation options including wacky mutators, Screencheat is the ultimate party FPS.
Sebastien Loeb Rally Evo,PlayStation 4,Racing,71,8.1,E,Milestone S.r.l,Sebastien Loeb Rally Evo is an off-road racing game experience that teams players with the greatest racer in Rally history: Sebastien Loeb.
Second Chance Heroes,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Rocket City Studios,Second Chance Heroes is a cooperative arcade action game that takes place in a world overrun by apocalyptic disasters! Put together a dream team of cloned heroes drawn from throughout human history and use them to push back the apocalyptic tide. Or don't and just let the zombie chickens eat your face.
Secret Ponchos,PlayStation 4,Action,64,6.6,T,Switchblade Monkeys,Engage in one-on-one duels or all-out gunfights as one of several unique and customizable outlaws - each with his or her own strengths, weapon types, special moves and play styles - in a game that rewards tactical awareness, precision timing and player skill. Add in melee attacks, an original line-of-sight mechanic, cover fire, destructible cover objects and more, and Secret Ponchos is a game with exceptional depth.
Senran Kagura: Estival Versus,PlayStation 4,Action,67,8.0,M,Marvelous Inc.,The high-flying ninja girls of SENRAN KAGURA return, this time with more moves, more playable characters, more story and attitude, and more destruction online with matches that can support up to 10 players (PS4 version only; PS Vita supports up to 4 players). All the previous shinobi girls return with a host of upgraded moves to master, and new playable characters offer more challenges to conquer, along with a story that's equal parts sexy and shocking, serious and scandalous, busty and brawling. 
Senran Kagura: Estival Versus - Ayame,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Marvelous Inc.,NaN
Senran Kagura: Estival Versus - Ayane,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Marvelous Inc.,NaN
Senran Kagura: Estival Versus - Dual Blooming Hearts,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Marvelous Inc.,NaN
Senran Kagura: Estival Versus - Kagura,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Marvelous Inc.,NaN
Senran Kagura: Estival Versus - Mission Set,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Marvelous Inc.,NaN
Senran Kagura: Estival Versus - Naraku,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Marvelous Inc.,NaN
Shadow Blade: Reload,PlayStation 4,Action,63,7.3,T,Dead Mage,Shadow Blade is an action platformer set in a world where the ancient teachings of ninjas and samurai clash upon a modern landscape. 
Shadow Complex Remastered,PlayStation 4,Action,80,7.4,T,Chair Entertainment,Shadow Complex Remastered features all the great gameplay from the award-winning classic, updated with exciting new enhancements and achievements to support its debut on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Shadow of the Beast,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,64,7.6,M,Heavy Spectrum,The legend of Aarbron is told once more as you embark upon a ferocious action adventure, seeking to dethrone the evil lord Maletoth, in the visually stunning world of Shadow of the Beast.
Shadow Warrior,PlayStation 4,Action,70,7.7,M,Flying Wild Hog,Shadow Warrior is bold reimagining of 3D Realms' cult classic shooter from developer Flying Wild Hog (Hard Reset) and independent game label Devolver Digital (Serious Sam 3: BFE, Hotline Miami, LUFTRAUSERS) for PC and next-gen consoles.  Blending the viciously over-the-top gunplay of its predecessor with the elegant precision of the powerful katana, Shadow Warrior is an imaginative take on the classic arcade-style shooter.
Shadwen,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,51,7.5,M,Frozenbyte, Inc.,Shadwen is a stealth-action game where the only rule is to remain unseen. Stay hidden - or the ruthless guards will kill you on sight.
Shantae and the Pirate's Curse,PlayStation 4,Action,75,7.9,E10+,WayForward,Embark on a brand new adventure which teams Shantae with her arch nemesis, Risky Boots! When a curse falls upon Sequin Land, Risky Boots and Shantae must join forces to battle unimaginable evil. Shantae must give up her job as Scuttle Towns "Guardian Genie" and become a pirate if she hopes to get her magic back and save the day. As a pirate, Shantae gains new weapons and tools to advance her quest and power through monsters!
Shantae: Half-Genie Hero,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,NaN,WayForward,Shantae: Half-Genie Hero is a belly dancing, hair-whipping HD adventure from WayForward, makers of Ducktales Remastered, Adventure Time, and Contra 4.
Shantae: Risky's Revenge - Director's Cut,PlayStation 4,Action,74,7.4,NaN,WayForward,Discover magical attacks, brew zombie coffee, save golden babies and master the art of belly dancing to transform Shantae into more powerful creatures. Use your powers to foil the lady pirate Risky Boots and save Sequin Land from certain doom.
She Wants Me Dead,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Hello There,She Wants Me Dead is dark and quirky at the same time. It blends deadly traps with the feeling of both strategic and flowy platform puzzles. You assume the role of Max, the owner of the cat Lula, who’s created a bunch of unmerciful gauntlets for him. The traps move in rhythm to the music and you better get your groove on to be able to bring Max to safety. [Playstation.com]
Sheltered,PlayStation 4,Strategy,70,6.1,T,Unicube,It’s a post-apocalyptic survival game with some pretty complicated mechanics that brings it snugly into the roguelike arena. In Sheltered you’ll find some familiar mechanics: scavenging for supplies, crafting, building, and maintaining your shelter, but that’s where familiarity ends. Sheltered doesn’t focus on soul survivors, but an average family. Your family. [Unicube]
Sherlock Holmes: Crimes & Punishments,PlayStation 4,Adventure,73,7.3,M,Frogwares,It is now your turn to truly become Sherlock Holmes and lead your own investigation--actually, your investigations, as 8 captivating cases await you in Crimes & Punishments! Murders, disappearances, spectacular thefts, and other investigations will bring you to the cutting edge of the detective written in the pure tradition of Conan Doyle's novels. Each case offers real freedom to players, who will have to make important moral choices instead of simply enforcing justice by the book. All decisions have an influence in the game, so bear the weight of your choices!
Sherlock Holmes: The Devil's Daughter,PlayStation 4,Adventure,70,6.8,T,Frogwares,Sherlock Holmes: The Devil’s Daughter, the eighth game in the series, is an incredible adventure game with unique gameplay blending investigation, action and exploration for an extraordinary experience that will test the limits of players' nerves and intelligence. Playing as the great detective, they will have to track down evil in the darkest corners of London and the human spirit, freely exploring several neighbourhoods in the city in search of clues and suspects while they untangle a web of intrigue leading to the final stunning revelation.
Shiftlings,PlayStation 4,Action,63,6.4,T,Rock Pocket Games,Rock Pocket Games' Shiftlings, a platform puzzler, which can be played both alone or with a friend, revolves around two Alien Twins who are attached to each other through a cable. In single player mode the player can switch the controls between the two aliens on top of switching the size of the two, while in co-op mode, each player controls one of the two twins. Switching size between the two characters is an important part of getting through the tricky puzzles. The smaller size enables higher jumps while the bigger Twin can't jump but instead is able to push boxes and can be used as a trampoline by the smaller counterpart. The Cable, that connects to two Twins, provides both challenges but also solutions to get the two through the puzzles and to the end goal of each level.
Shovel Knight,PlayStation 4,Action,90,7.6,E,Yacht Club Games,Shovel Knight is a sweeping classic action adventure game with awesome gameplay, memorable characters, and an 8-bit retro aesthetic. It's a hot mashup of new and old! You play as the eponymous Shovel Knight, a small knight with a huge quest. Shovel Knight has come to this land with two goals: to defeat the evil Enchantress and quest for his lost beloved. He wields a Shovel Blade: a multipurpose weapon whose techniques have now been lost to the ages. Always honest and helpful, Shovel Knight is a shining example of the code of Shovelry: Slash Mercilessly and Dig Tirelessly!
Shovel Knight: Plague of Shadows,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.6,E,Yacht Club Games,Shovel Knight: Plague of Shadows is a free expansion for Shovel Knight, a sweeping classic action adventure game that won over 70 Game of the Year Awards in 2014. You play as Plague Knight, the villainous master of alchemy, in a quest all his own. Using his maniacal scientific mind, Plague Knight is seeking to concoct Serum Supernus, the Ultimate Potion. However, to retrieve these ingredients, he must extract them from his former allies… the villainous knights of the Order of No Quarter! World class platforming, music, storytelling, and art all return in Shovel Knight: Plague of Shadows; an explosive quest with a new play style, new story, new bosses, and more!
Shu,PlayStation 4,Action,80,8.5,E,Coatsink Software,When the great and terrible Storm destroys Shu's village, he embarks on a desperate journey to survive. On his travels he'll encounter stranded villagers survivors of the devastation that need his help. In return for his assistance, these peculiar characters will grant Shu unique special abilities that he can use to traverse the treacherous path ahead. Their only hope is to work together, in search of sanctuary - and a way to stop the Storm. Can you outrun the end of world? Features: 15 lush, expansive levels, set in 5 diverse lands; A plethora of collectibles and secrets to discover; 10 recruitable characters, each with their own unique power; An incredible original soundtrack; Compete in time trials to see who is the fastest out of your friends - or the world. [Playstation.com]
Shutshimi,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.3,E10+,Neon Deity Games,Shütshimi is a randomized shoot'em up about a muscle-bound fish with memory problems defending the seven seas. Defeat or navigate through waves of enemies, collecting new upgrades every 10 seconds that change up the gameplay as you battle your way through each of the game's bosses. 
SingStar,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,5.3,E,SCEE London Studio,NaN
SingStar: Ultimate Party,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,47,4.2,NaN,SCEE,Tracklist includes "Call Me Maybe" from Carly Rae Jepsen, "Born This Way" by Lady Gaga, "Can't Get You Out Of My Head" by Kylie Minogue, "Telemery" by Bella Novela, and "Hello" by Lionel Richie.
Siralim,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Thylacine Studios,You are the king (or queen!) of the thriving kingdom of Siralim. It is your duty to protect your kingdom and its people from the dangers lurking beyond your castle's walls. Summon hundreds of unique creatures to fight by your side as you adventure through randomly generated dungeons and complete randomly generated quests. Find rare treasure and use it to upgrade your castle, empower your creatures, learn new spells, and much more.
Siren,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,SCE Japan Studio,Resist the Call!
Skullgirls: 2nd Encore,PlayStation 4,Action,82,7.5,T,Lab Zero Games,In challenges, players square off against opponents with a variety of unique battle conditions to test their mettle. Can you beat Big Band without jumping? Or defeat triple Doubles?
Skulls of the Shogun: Bone-a-Fide Edition,PlayStation 4,Fantasy,80,6.4,T,17-Bit,Washing up on the shores of the afterlife, players meet and join forces with vibrant ghost-samurai warriors, magical animal-monks, and mustachioed samurai generals on the way to capture Skulls of the Shogun.  With its roots in classic turn-based strategy gaming, Skulls of the Shogun retains depth and adds a smooth, simple interface that makes it accessible and enjoyable even to players new to the genre.  Players immerse themselves in battle with fun and unique game play features amidst lush, eerie environments.  Also featuring 4-player local and networked multi-player and an original score inspired by old samurai films and dub, Skulls of the Shogun offers simple-yet-deep, refined and offbeat game-play.
Sky Force Anniversary,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Infinite Dreams Inc.,The classic shoot ’em up is here to celebrate its 10-year anniversary in super-destructive style. Harnessing the intensity of classic arcade games combined with modern visuals, Sky Force Anniversary offers a stunning, scrolling shooter experience with an incredible new social gameplay element.
Skylanders Imaginators,PlayStation 4,Action,81,6.2,E10+,Toys for Bob,Use the power of your imagination to create Imaginator Skylanders to battle in the ultimate adventure alongside the almighty Senseis to save Skylands.
Skylanders SuperChargers,PlayStation 4,Action,81,3.4,E10+,Vicarious Visions,Skylanders SuperChargers features a brand-new class of heroes, called SuperChargers who are distinct with fresh moves, powerful attacks and all-new weapons.  These SuperChargers also have special in-game abilities that help Portal Masters fight Kaos.  Twenty new SuperChargers character toys and 20 new vehicle toys will be available.
Skylanders Swap Force,PlayStation 4,Action,79,5.2,E10+,Vicarious Visions,Embark on an exciting new adventure with the Skylanders and the SWAP Force. For generations, the SWAP Force protected the volcano that replenishes Skylands magic. That is until an epic battle caught them in an eruption that blasted them apart, sent them to Earth and gave them the ability to swap powers. Only you can mix and match their tops and bottoms, put them on the new Portal of Power and save Skylands.
Skylanders Trap Team,PlayStation 4,Action,78,5.8,E10+,Toys for Bob,Bring the Skylanders to life. All the Skylander characters from Skylanders Spyro's Adventure, Skylanders Giants and Skylanders SWAP Force work with Skylanders Trap Team, including an entirely new cast: The Trap Masters. Trap and play as villains: Take control of bad guys. Trap bad guys with the power of TraptaniumT, release them from the crystals and use their awesome powers for good. [Activision]
SkyScrappers,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Ground Shatter Ltd.,SkyScrappers is a classic, arcade-style, multiplayer platform-fighting game set in the heart of an exploding sky scraper. There exists a secret group of international thrill-seekers, who meet up at sky scrapers planned for demolition to race and fight one another to reach the top before the building hits the ground… or they do. Players select from a diverse range of these extreme sportspeople, and they are rewarded for playing with style, dynamism, and risk taking; not simply for being the fastest or strongest. Centred on the classic couch multiplayer experience, and supporting up to four players - the game also features a full single-player campaign, and a range of game modes to master. Inspired by classic coin-up arcade games, the game captures the feel of the Neo-Geo era, but with breath-taking hand-drawn artwork that takes advantage of the power of modern games consoles. It is aimed at an unashamedly core audience of console players; gamers who enjoy tight, emergent, mechanics-driven games, understand the arcade linage of the title and appreciate the distinct visual style.
Slain: Back From Hell,PlayStation 4,Action,66,8.2,M,Wolf Brew Games,You control the fate of Bathoryn, a doomed hero in a Gothic world, who seeks to liberate six cursed realms from six deadly overlords. He must battle his way through this blighted land, packed with gruesome and lethal creatures before ascending (or sometimes descending) into a stronghold, all the while defeating fiendish traps and vile monsters alike. [Playstation.com]
Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,77,7.2,M,United Front Games,The Definitive Edition of the critically acclaimed, award winning open-world action adventure, reworked, rebuilt and re-mastered for Xbox One. All 24 previously available DLC extensions from the Xbox 360 version have been integrated into the game, including the story-extending episode Year of the Snake and the horror-themed Nightmare in North Point. Alongside a wealth of new technological, audio and visual improvements, Hong Kong has never felt so alive. A vibrant, neon city teaming with life, Hong Kongs exotic locations and busy streets and markets hide one of the most powerful and dangerous criminal organizations in the world: the notorious Triads. Play as Wei Shen - the highly skilled undercover cop trying to take down the Triads from the inside out. You'll have to prove yourself worthy as you fight your way up the organization, taking part in brutal criminal activities without blowing your cover. Destroy your opponents in brutal hand-to-hand combat using an unmatched martial arts system. Dominate Hong Kongs buzzing streets in thrilling illegal street races and tear it up in explosive firearms action. Sleeping Dogs Hong Kong is the ultimate playground. Undercover, the rules are different.
Slender: The Arrival,PlayStation 4,Adventure,60,6.7,T,Blue Isle Studios,Slender: The Arrival is the official continuation of Slender: The Eight Pages. A combined effort from the writers behind the Marble Hornets series and the development team at Blue Isle Studios, Slender: The Arrival features a brand new storyline and improved visuals.
Small Radios Big Televisions,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Owen Deery,NaN
SMITE,PlayStation 4,Strategy,79,7.3,T,Hi-Rez Studios,Players choose from a selection of mythical gods, join session-based arena combat, and use custom powers and team tactics against other player-controlled gods and non-player controlled minions.
Sniper Elite 4,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Rebellion,NaN
Sniper Elite III,PlayStation 4,Action,67,7.1,M,Rebellion,Sniper Elite 3 continues  the story of elite OSS sniper Karl Fairburne during World War II. The title takes players to the unforgiving yet exotic terrain of WWII’s North Africa conflict in a battle against a deadly new foe.
Sniper Elite III: Target Hitler - Hunt the Grey Wolf,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,5.9,NaN,Rebellion,NaN
Sniper Elite III: Ultimate Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,74,7.3,M,Rebellion,This ultimate edition contains the acclaimed main thrilling game, as well as additional DLC content in one package. Includes THREE additional single player missions, SIX additional weapon packs with EIGHTEEN new weapons. Additionally the original game has now been expanded with bonus updates since launch to include 6 additional multiplayer maps, a Shooting Range mode, Capture The Flag mode and a brand new Co-Op Overwatch Mission. 
Sniper: Ghost Warrior 3,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,NaN,City Interactive,NaN
SNOW,PlayStation 4,Alternative,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Poppermost Productions,Snow is a free-to-play, open world, winter sports game. Explore a massive mountain, customize your character with clothing and equipment from the biggest brands, and compete in events to be the best.
Soft Body,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,69,tbd,E,Bodysoft,Soft Body is an action­/puzzle game that infuses the twin­stick shooter with a surreal sense of control and style. Inspired by the simplicity and joy of twin-stick shooters and other arcade games, players take control of two beautiful, gooey snakes at the same time (one with each analog stick). Together, you use the snakes to paint the world, which continually changes around you, while dodging bullets and popping enemies. Both soothing and tense, Soft Body combines the challenge and twitchy fun of quick­restart action games with a smooth, meditative aesthetic.
Solbrain: Knight of Darkness,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,7.5,T,Lightning Game Studios,Solbrain Knight of Darkness is a 3D exploration game. Players control Gaia, a young warrior tired of struggle that must wield his sword to rescue his people from the darkness, and avenge the death of his parents against the powerful Anibal and his army of monsters.
Solitaire,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Bigben Interactive,Solitaire and some extra goodies.
SOMA,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,79,8.3,M,Frictional Games,Strange occurrences are disrupting the routines of the PATHOS-2 research facility. The radio is silent. Behavioral anomalies of the machines are increasingly dangerous, if not... malevolent. The facility is devolving into chaos. No weapons, and the only escape is practically unthinkable. From Frictional Games, creators of the Amnesia and Penumbra series, SOMA is an aberrant tale of scientific inquiry and survival; an entropic exploration of synapse and circuit that wades through the delusions of human consciousness.
Song of the Deep,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,69,7.3,E,Insomniac Games,In this game you’ll explore a huge undersea world, both free-diving and in a submarine. It’s a metroidvania style of progression where you are constantly getting new abilities and figuring out ways to upgrade them as you take on the seemingly impossible obstacles that stand in your way. It’s a challenging journey, designed to test your mind and your reflexes in equal amounts. [Insomniac]
Sonic Mania,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Sega, PagodaWest Games,NaN
Soul Axiom,PlayStation 4,Adventure,47,4.8,T,Wales Interactive Ltd.,From the studio that brought you Master Reboot comes a first-person story-driven adventure puzzle game, set in the beautiful, haunting cyber-world of Elysia. Collect unique hand powers, discover multiple endings and choose your own destiny as you unravel the mystery of your digital afterlife.
Sound Shapes,PlayStation 4,Action,84,7.1,E,SCEA,Play, Compose and Share in a unique take on the classic sidescrolling platformer where your actions make the music. With equal parts musical instrument and game, Sound Shapes gives everyone the ability to make music. Set different shapes into the world to make musical notes and trigger sounds through your actions. Upload your levels for others to download and remix on their own. Sound Shapes creates an ever-changing musical community for everyone to enjoy on the go. 
South Park: The Fractured But Whole,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Ubisoft San Francisco,South Park: The Fractured but Whole empowers players to delve into the tender, crime-ridden underbelly of South Park with Coon and Friends. This dedicated group of crime fighters was formed by Eric Cartman, whose superhero alter ego, The Coon, is half man, half raccoon. As The New Kid, players join Mysterion, Toolshed, Human Kite, Mosquito, Mint Berry Crunch and a group of others to battle the forces of evil while Coon strives to make his team some of the most beloved superheroes in history. Creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker were involved in every step of the development of the game. [Ubisoft]
South Park: The Stick of Truth,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.5,M,Obsidian Entertainment,From the perilous battlefields of the fourth-grade playground, a young hero will rise, destined to be South Park's savior. From the creators of South Park, Trey Parker and Matt Stone, comes an epic quest to become... cool.
Space Hulk,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,Hoplite Research, Funbox Media,Based on the board game and set in the Warhammer 40,000 universe, Space Hulk is a 3D digital turn based strategy game that recreates the classic claustrophobic board game experience for single player and multiplayer cross-platform play between PC, Mac and on iOS. Space Hulk is set in the isolated corridors and tomb-like chambers of an ancient vessel lost in the graveyard of space. Players lead a small army of fearless Space Marine Terminators to battle in a ferocious fight for survival against hordes of predatory alien Genestealers.
Space Hulk Ascension,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,Full Control ApS, Full Control,Space Hulk: Ascension is a turn-based strategy game which builds upon the classic board game experience. It adds new RPG style mechanics, additional weapons, enemy types, an all-new chapter, and other new features.
Sparkle 2,PlayStation 4,Action,66,5.7,E,10tons Ltd,Sparkle 2 is a match-three puzzle game set in a mysterious world of magic and wonder.
Sparkle Unleashed,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,10tons Entertainment, 10tons,Experience the fabled Sparkle brand action puzzle like never before! Make your way through a secluded world of mystery, light magical braziers and discover a way to banish the darkness once and for all.
Speakeasy,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,2.0,T,Super Soul,Speakeasy is an engaging, local-multiplayer party game that blends rock-paper-scissors with the styles and sounds of 1920?s Roarin’ America.
Spelunker World,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,4.9,E,Tozai Games,Embark on an underground adventure. Spelunker World is a free-to-play, side-scrolling action game. Play as underground explorer “Spelunker” and venture into the quixotic dungeons.
Spelunky,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.7,T,Mossmouth,Spelunky is a unique platformer with randomized levels that offer a new and challenging experience each time you play! Journey deep underground and explore fantastic places filled with monsters, traps, and treasure. Fully-destructible environments open up lots of strategies and make it a blast to master the game's many secrets.
Spider: Rite of the Shrouded Moon,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Tiger Style,Assume the role of a spider on the hunt, crafting webs to trap your prey. Explore an abandoned mansion, discover hidden passages, and leave the place covered in cobwebs. Unravel the story of the family who once lived at Blackbird Estate and solve puzzles left behind by a mysterious secret society.
Splice,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,74,5.0,E,Cipher Prime Studios,Splice is an experimental and artistic puzzler. Immerse yourself in its microbial world and start splicing! Every level ("strand") consists of a number of cells that you will need to rearrange into a target structure in several moves ("splices"). Exploration and experimentation are key in determining how the curious little cells react to each other. Predict the sequence of splices you'll have to make in order to successfully arrange each strand. Re-sequence, mutate, and splice your way through this unique puzzle experience, and you'll exercise your ability to visualize sequential series of shapes over time. Solve your way to the final strands and you'll be left with a heady sense of mental accomplishment!
SportsBarVR,PlayStation 4,Sports,62,5.9,E,Cherry Pop Games, Perilous Orbit,At launch, the game features: Pool, Darts, Air Hockey, Skeeball, Shuffleboard, Chess and Checkers.
Sportsfriends,PlayStation 4,Sports,82,6.3,E10+,Die Gute Fabrik,Sportsfriends is a tight-knit compendium of local multiplayer games for living rooms, parties, and even backyards. Features: retro-styled fighting game BaraBariBall, QWOP-like pole vault dueling game Super Pole Riders, high-velocity sports game Hokra, and face-to-face physical party game Johann Sebastian Joust.
Spy Chameleon,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Unfinished Pixel,Don't let the comic look fool you. Being a good RGB agent requires a lot of talent. Spy Chameleon is an arcade-puzzle game where the player must avoid being seen thanks to the chameleon's ability to change colors and camouflage.
Square Heroes,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Gnomic Studios,Join the Galactic Tournament in this fast-paced comical action shooter. Level-up your Hero and unlock an arsenal of weapons. Lay waste to your friends and foes in local, LAN and online multiplayer matches, or hone your skills in single player and custom games.
Star Hammer: The Vanguard Prophecy,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Slitherine, Black Lab Games,Star Hammer: The Vanguard Prophecy is a game of 3D tactical space battles. Play your part in the Second Contact War in a campaign with a branching story and more than 60 missions, or create your own scenarios in skirmish mode battles. Give your orders, and watch the results in explosive real-time.
Star Ocean: Integrity and Faithlessness,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,59,5.9,T,Tri-Ace,Set between the events of STAR OCEAN: The Second Story and STAR OCEAN: Till the End of Time, STAR OCEAN: Integrity and Faithlessness takes place centuries after humans have left Earth for the stars. On a planet in the distant Faykreed star system, the swordsman Fidel Camuze and his childhood friend Miki Sauvester set out to protect their village from being swallowed in the tides of civil unrest.
Star Trek Online,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,5.1,T,Cryptic Studios,This massively multiplayer online game immerses you in the world of Star Trek. Now you can explore the galaxy, defend your bases and ships, and play as your favorite characters from the Star Trek TV show.
Star Wars Battlefront,PlayStation 4,Action,73,5.0,T,EA DICE,Star Wars Battlefront lets players live out a broad array of heroic moments and intense battle fantasies of their own – firing blasters, riding speeder bikes and snow speeders, commanding AT-ATs and piloting TIE fighters and the Millennium Falcon. These battles will take place on the iconic planets of the Star Wars universe, including Endor, Hoth, Tatooine and the previously unexplored planet, Sullust. Gamers can play as the memorable characters from the original trilogy such as Darth Vader and Boba Fett. Star Wars Battlefront features a wide range of modes tailored for different types of battles, from larger 40-person competitive multiplayer to crafted missions that are played solo, with a partner via split-screen offline or co-operatively online. [EA/Lucasfilm] 
Star Wars Battlefront: Bespin,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,8.0,NaN,EA DICE,As part of the update for the Bespin DLC, we will be raising the level cap to 70 and introduce several new Hutt Contracts for you to complete, with visual unlocks to claim and a collect new Star Cards. As with the earlier release of the Bacta Bomb, we want team play to be a focus in our future Star Cards. This is evident in both our new Asset Cards (the Shock Grenade and the Scout Binoculars), as well as our new Charge Card (Sabotage). Neither of these new cards are lethal when used by themselves, but with the backing of a trusty partner or teammate, it can decimate groups of enemies.
Star Wars Battlefront: Death Star,PlayStation 4,Action,70,6.0,NaN,EA DICE,Dogfight in space battles, fight inside the iconic space station and trench run to take down the Empire’s ultimate weapon. You may fire when ready among one of the deadliest weapons in the galaxy.
Star Wars Battlefront: Outer Rim,PlayStation 4,Action,70,5.8,T,EA DICE,Fight among the factories of Sullust and battle within Jabba the Hutt's palace on Tatooine.
Star Wars Battlefront: Ultimate Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,T,EA DICE,NaN
Star Wars Pinball: Heroes Within,PlayStation 4,Action,80,5.2,E10+,Zen Studios,These four tables are Han Solo, Star Wars: Episode IV â€“ A New Hope, Star Wars Pinball: Droids, and Star Wars Pinball: Masters of the Force.
Star Wars Pinball: The Force Awakens,PlayStation 4,Action,81,4.9,NaN,Zen Studios,Star Wars Pinball: The Force Awakens Table is an intergalactic adventure that no Star Wars Pinball fan will want to miss!
Star Wars: Bounty Hunter,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,LucasArts,The hunt begins.  You are Jango Fett, the galaxy's most dangerous bounty hunter, hired to hunt down the elusive leader of a mysterious cult--dead or alive.  Through 18 action-packed levels across six diverse worlds, face off against galactic scum, fearsome beasts, and brutal competition that stand between you and your prey: a deranged dark Jedi.  This hunt will lead you to the darkest corners of the Star Wars universe where no one else has dared to go, but you are the fearless, ruthless, and relentless Jango Fett.  For the galaxy's most wanted, there is no place to hide.
Star Wars: Jedi Starfighter,PlayStation 4,Simulation,No score yet,8.0,T,LucasArts,Star Wars: Jedi Starfighter reveals the events that lead into the Star Wars: Episode II film. As a secessionist movement threatens to expand, Mace Windu dispatches one of the Council's top Jedi--Adi Gallia--to investigate disturbances in the Karthakk system. Take the role of Adi as she maneuvers a prototype Jedi starfighter through the evil Captain Toth's massive fleet. Either solo or with a friend, you must use your Force powers against enemies that threaten the very foundation of the Galactic Republic.
Star Wars: Racer Revenge,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,E,LucasArts,It has been eight years since the first spectacular Podracing showdown between Sebulba and the young Anakin Skywalker. Seeking payback for his humiliating loss, Sebulba has a new beefed-up Podracer and lust for revenge. But it's not going to be easy: Anakin has grown into a boldly skilled Podracer pilot...
Table Top Racing: World Tour,PlayStation 4,Racing,55,6.5,E,Playrise Edge Ltd.,Table Top Racing: World Tour is a high-octane combat racer from Nick Burcombe, the co-creator of the Wipeout series. Get yourself behind the wheel of one of twelve fully-customisable miniature cars and attempt to master 24 race tracks in Championship mode. There is a series of Special Events to beat, or you can head online and challenge up to 8 friends to determine the ultimate racer. [Playstation.com]
Tachyon Project,PlayStation 4,Action,71,6.4,E,Eclipse Games,Tachyon Project is an action packed dual-stick shooter driven by a story. Through the story mode you'll progressively unlock all the weapons, secondary weapons and perks available to configure your ship. You'll need them to face the increasingly hard enemies you'll find with over 30 different types (including 4 bosses). In Tachyon Project you take control of Ada, a software program that has taken conscience and that was designed to hack into the most secure servers on Earth. After some rather misterious events, Ada is thrown out of the test server where it was living and out into the Internet, but when she tries to go back there she finds she's unable to. She'll then start a journey to uncover the truth behind what happened to her creators, which she considers her parents. In the process she'll find out that things were a bit more complex than she initially thought.
Tales from the Borderlands: A Telltale Game Series,PlayStation 4,Adventure,86,8.1,M,Telltale Games,Like all good tales, there’s more than one side to a story. Especially one about a Vault key, the Hyperion Corporation, bandits, loot, gangsters, Vault Hunters, secret Atlas tech, explosions, getaways, extortion, betrayal, and mayhem. Set after the events seen in Borderlands 2, Tales from the Borderlands is about Rhys, a Hyperion company man looking to become the next Handsome Jack, and it’s also about Fiona, a Pandoran con artist out to score the biggest of all swindles. Lured into danger by a Vault key and all it promises, the unlikely duo are thrown together with a common goal and a huge amount of mistrust. Who is telling the truth, and why is it important That’s up to you to decide. You are Rhys…and you are also Fiona, because like every tale worth telling, there are two…oh, you read that part already? Well, it’s important to remember that there *are* two sides to every story, and you my friend, you will tell this tale, or…tales, through the choices that you make. Your every decision as both Rhys and Fiona will affect the people and world around you: this is a game where YOU are the final author in a brand new Borderlands story set on the unforgiving world of Pandora. [TellTale Games]
Tales From The Borderlands: Episode 1 - Zer0 Sum,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,80,8.1,M,Telltale Games,Set following the events seen in Borderlands 2, Tales from the Borderlands focuses on Rhys, a Hyperion company man who wants to become the next Handsome Jack, and it’s also about Fiona, a Pandoran con artist intending to score the biggest of all swindles. Baited into danger by a Vault key and all it promises, the unlikely pair are thrown together with a common purpose and a great amount of mistrust. Who is speaking the truth, and why is it important? That is for you to decide. It’s important to remember that there *are* two sides to every story, and you will tell this tale, or…tales, through the choices that you make. Your every decision as both Rhys and Fiona will affect the people and environment around you: this is a game where YOU are the final author in a brand new Borderlands story set on the unforgiving world of Pandora. [Telltale Games]
Tales From The Borderlands: Episode 2 - Atlas Mugged,PlayStation 4,Adventure,81,7.8,M,Telltale Games,Discovering the Gortys Project fuels a madcap race to definitively figure out what the Atlas Corporation was up to prior to Hyperion's take over of Pandora. Our heroes are not the only ones on the trail. Vault Hunters, Bounty Hunters, Vasquez, and a giant monster thing with a mouth that looks like a...well, you'll see...are all in pursuit. And to further complicate matters, Rhys is being haunted by dreams of a dead despot AND what Vaughn looks like without his shirt on. Can Fiona and Sasha hold everything together? That's up to you. [Telltale]
Tales From The Borderlands: Episode 3 - Catch A Ride,PlayStation 4,Adventure,83,7.8,M,Telltale Games,After a dizzying escape from a near-almost-certain-death scenario (involving statuesque buttocks), Rhys and Fiona are in search of another piece of the puzzle that will lead them to the vast riches of Vault key ownership. Lost in the mysterious jungle of an Atlas terraforming facility, Fiona finds help from an unexpected mentor, Rhys continues to share brain-space with the disembodied mind of a dead dictator, and love is in the air. Pursued by the ruthless criminal 'Queenpin' Vallory, and with very little help from Vaughn's accountancy skills (or stellar abs), getting anywhere near the Vault is entirely on you.
Tales From The Borderlands: Episode 4 - Escape Plan Bravo,PlayStation 4,Adventure,78,8.3,M,Telltale Games,Captured by Vallory and her thugs, Rhys and Fiona are forced to keep searching for the Vault beacon - at gunpoint. The beacon is on the Hyperion moon base - Helios - while our heroes are on Pandora... so there's the annoying cold void of death known as 'space' to overcome. Even with the help of a familiar face, and with a worryingly helpful Handsome Jack hitching a ride in Rhys’ head, getting on board the ominous ‘H’ is going to take every drop of guile, and quite possibly all the spunk you’ve got. Sacrifices will be made – can you make the tough choices needed to succeed?
Tales From The Borderlands: Episode 5 - The Vault of the Traveler,PlayStation 4,Adventure,90,8.2,M,Telltale Games,In the final episode of the season, all hell is breaking loose. Jack is now in control of Helios' systems, and he is ready to reclaim his rightful place as king of Hyperion - with or without you. It's a mad dash to get out of the chaotic space station alive, as everyone scrambles to grab the final Gortys piece and high tail it back to Pandora. Can you guide our motley crew through perilous corporate dangers in hopes of getting some copious alien riches? Loyalties will be tested, secrets will be revealed, and explosions will be in large supply in this final chapter of Tales From The Borderlands.
Tales of Berseria,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,T,Bandai Namco Games,NaN
Tales of Zestiria,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,72,7.0,T,Bandai Namco Games,An unseen evil force known as Malevolence is spreading across the land, corrupting the world and causing humanity to falter. Players will embark on an epic journey as Sorey, a young pure-hearted adventurer whose destiny is to become The Shepard, an individual of great power that can banish Malevolence. Does Sorey have the courage and heart to wield this extraordinary responsibility for good, or will he fall prey to the evils of its power? TALES OF ZESTIRIA introduces a new version of its celebrated real-time battle system, allowing for faster combat with side dashes and new fusion technique combo opportunities.  Throughout his quest, Sorey will befriend humans and spirits known as Seraphim, unseen to most humans, to aide him on his journey.  Because of Sorey’s unique ability to communicate with the Seraphim he is able to fuse with their essence to create new elemental artes for strategic attacks to decimate foes.  
Tales of Zestiria: Bonus Chapter - Alisha's Conviction,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Bandai Namco Games,An extra chapter centered on Alisha following the events of the main game.
Tearaway Unfolded,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,81,8.1,E,Media Molecule,The Tearaway Unfolded Crafted Edition includes a shiny Gold Leaf and a shining Gold Stamp to wear on your messenger, and an exclusive God of War and Journey costumes, allowing you to ‘journey’ through the world of Tearaway Unfolded in style. [Playstation.com]
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutants in Manhattan,PlayStation 4,Action,44,5.4,T,PlatinumGames,Battle with your brothers through the sewers, subways, and streets of New York to defeat Shredder and Krang’s evil organization, Foot by Foot. Unleash custom combat skills and powerful team combos to save Manhattan from the overwhelming dark forces growing in the shadows.
Tembo the Badass Elephant,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,72,7.0,E10+,Game Freak,TEMBO THE BADASS ELEPHANT is a larger than life, 2D side-scrolling action adventure from the creative geniuses behind the Pokémon games
Tennis in the Face,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,68,5.1,T,10tons Ltd,As you might guess from the title, Tennis in the Face isn’t a very serious game. Nor a tennis game, really. Instead it’s more about smashing furious tennis serves at creepy clowns, corrupt riot police, mad scientists and a couple of other worthy targets of some tough tennis street justice.
Terraria,PlayStation 4,Action,83,7.8,T,Engine Software,Terraria? What's that?
Teslagrad,PlayStation 4,Action,78,6.6,E,Rain Games,Teslagrad is a 2D puzzle-platformer in which you play as a young lad who suddenly finds himself embroiled in an ancient conflict that will shake the foundations of his entire existence, and bring a gruesome truth to light. The game revolves around the use of electricity and magnetism, and your ingenuity will be put to the test as you employ the amazing technology of the Teslamancers to traverse the abandoned Tesla Tower. The game is completely devoid of both text and dialogue, and prefers to tell the story purely through visual means.
Tethered,PlayStation 4,Action,78,8.0,E10+,SECRET SORCERY LIMITED,In a magical sky borne world, assume the role of a powerful Spirit Guardian charged with restoring life and balance. Command the Peeps, your loyal servants, to feed, fight, build, and sacrifice themselves for the greater good in a quest to release your entombed brethren.
Tetraminos,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Bigben Interactive,For beginners or veterans, Tetraminos offers an easy-to-learn challenge. Give your brain a workout with the 50 Puzzle mode levels, survive as long as possible in Endless mode and rack up the combos and same-colour lines to climb to first place in the online ranking. Challenge your friends in local Versus mode with up to 4 players and sabotage their boards in wild games.
Tetris Ultimate,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,63,3.6,E,Ubisoft, Ubisoft San Francisco,The world’s most-loved puzzle game arrives on next-gen consoles, and is better than ever in Tetris® Ultimate. With six exciting modes, fun new features, and unique visuals, the evolution of this iconic game is the ultimate must-have on next-gen consoles.
Tetrobot and Co.,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Swing Swing Submarine,Tetrobot is the world's most popular and reliable robot, but he's not perfect. That's why Maya has built him a microscopic little brother, Psychobot.
Tharsis,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,65,5.9,M,Choice Provisions,Tharsis is a turn-based strategy game about humanity’s first mission to Mars. It’s an important mission, and not just because of its potential to greatly increase our knowledge of the red planet. No, this mission is humanity’s attempt to locate the source of a mysterious signal emanating from the red planet. [Choice Provisions]
That Trivia Game,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,37,3.2,E,The Game Room,Play against the computer or up to 3 of your friends in That Trivia Game! Featuring over 1,000 up-to-date questions to test your knowledge of 20 different categories for hours of fun for the whole family! With 24 character combinations and four challenging rounds per game, That Trivia Game is more exciting each time you play! Available exclusively on the PlayStation4 system. Video output in Full HD 1080p requires 1080p native display.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2,PlayStation 4,Action,49,5.4,T,Beenox,The Amazing Spider-Man, this all-new third-person action-adventure video game builds on the story of the previous game with an alternative take on the events of the upcoming movie, while also giving players an enhanced, free-roaming web-slinging experience through a greatly expanded New York City.
The Assembly,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,53,tbd,T,nDreams,The Assembly is a first-person interactive drama for mature audiences, created from the ground up for virtual reality headsets.  An experience with two sides to everything, where the truth is never clear, and a question is always left open: When does the end justify the means?
The Banner Saga,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,79,8.5,T,Stoic,The Banner Saga is a single player driven Viking saga in which a player’s choice in travel, conversation and combat determines the outcome of her own personal story as well as the survival of an entire civilization. 
The Banner Saga 2,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,78,8.1,T,Stoic,Bold leadership decisions, wise use of resources, and skillful battle tactics are vital to ensure your Viking clans make it through alive. If played, your choices will carry over from the first game, or you can start fresh with new preset characters.
The Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,8.5,NaN,Nicalis,It features 25 new enemies, 120 new items, and much more.
The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth,PlayStation 4,Horror,88,7.7,M,Nicalis,Rebirth is a randomly generated action RPG shooter with emphatic Roguelike elements. Following Isaac on his journey gamers discover bizarre treasures that change Isaac’s form giving him extra-human abilities and enabling him to fend off droves of mysterious creatures, learn secrets and scrap his way to safety. 
THE BIT.TRIP,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,80,5.0,E,Choice Provisions,A collection of all six classic Bit.Trip games: Bit.Trip Beat, Bit.Trip Void, Bit.Trip Core, Bit.Trip Runner, Bit.Trip Fate, and Bit.Trip Flux.
The Book of Unwritten Tales 2,PlayStation 4,Adventure,63,8.5,NaN,KING Art,Join Wilbur, Ivo, Nate and Critter in another classic point-and-click adventure in the wicked world of Aventasia.
The Bread Pub Brawlers,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.8,E10+,NiKo MaKi,Brawl with up to 8 (max 4 human) opponents for Fun and Profit in Pubs of all sorts with your own 'baked' Bread Brawlers! Earn and save Dough to pay off your Tabs, unlocking more Ingredients for you to customize your Brawler with. 
The Bridge,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Ty Taylor and Mario Castaneda,The Bridge is a 2D logic puzzle game that forces the player to reevaluate their preconceptions of physics and perspective. It is Isaac Newton meets M. C. Escher. Manipulate gravity to redefine the ceiling as the floor while venturing through impossible architectures. Explore increasingly difficult worlds, each uniquely detailed and designed to leave the player with a pronounced sense of intellectual accomplishment. The Bridge exemplifies games as an art form, with beautifully hand-drawn art in the style of a black-and-white lithograph.
The Brookhaven Experiment,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Phosphor Games,Something has gone terribly wrong. There aren't many people left these days. The...things that showed up - after the Experiment tore a hole through reality - have seen to that. You're not sure how much time you, or humanity itself, has left. If you have enough bullets, maybe you can live long enough to fight off the monsters and see tomorrow. Players have to use the weapons provided to survive ever more terrifying waves of horrific monsters in an attempt to figure out what caused the beginning of the end of the world, and, if they're strong enough, stop it from happening. [PSVR]
The Bug Butcher,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Awfully Nice Studios,The Bug Butcher is an action shooter, wrapped in stylistic 2D art, and smeared with juvenile humor where timing and fierce reflexes are paramount in protecting your fragile, squishy body. The gameplay has a simple core mechanic that is easy to understand, but difficult to master. [Playstation.com]
The Bunker,PlayStation 4,Adventure,70,6.4,T,Splendy Games,As the last remaining survivor in a nuclear bunker, Johns daily routine is the one thing that keeps him sane. But when an alarm goes off, his mind starts to self-destruct. The Bunker is a live-action psychological horror game starring Adam Brown (The Hobbit) and Sarah Greene (Penny Dreadful) with writing talent behind The Witcher, Broken Sword and SOMA.
The Castle Game,PlayStation 4,Strategy,68,7.0,E10+,Neptune Interactive Inc.,Ever played escort missions in a tower defense setting? Imagine using the defenses and walls to keep the enemies out, but also having safe and open paths for your allies to run through. Or how about having all the structures be destroyable? Now, some enemies are pretty dumb and will follow the path you cleverly designed, but the smarter ones will take out any structure that can pose a threat to them. So now you have defenses that can be damaged. To balance things out, you are given a giant hammer that can quickly repair structures. Engineers are also available to auto-repair any damaged structures nearby. [Neptune Interactive]
The Crew,PlayStation 4,Racing,61,5.4,T,Ubisoft Reflections, Ivory Tower,Strap in for a ride that will find you infiltrating and taking down the 510s, a gang that has grown up amidst Detroit's illicit street racing landscape. You must establish your reputation in the underground racing scene and subvert their activities city-by-city throughout a fully-open world United States. Maneuver through the bustling streets of New York City and Los Angeles, drive down to sun-drenched Miami Beach, or trek through the picturesque plateaus of Monument Valley. Each location comes with its own set of surprises and driving challenges to tackle. On your journey you will confront other driver on the road - all potentially worthy companions to team up with, or future rivals to take down.
The Crew: Calling All Units,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Ubisoft,NaN
The Crew: Ultimate Edition,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,NaN,T,Ubisoft,NaN
The Crew: Wild Run,PlayStation 4,Racing,73,6.8,T,Ivory Tower,The Crew Wild Run takes players to what's known as The Summit, a massive gathering of drivers and racing enthusiasts facing off in a series of extreme events in well-known American locations. Players put their skills to the test competing to find out who would become king of the road. Players are free to choose dragsters designed to reach ridiculous top speeds, drift cars that demonstrate inverted control angles, unstoppable monster trucks that can perform backflips and jumps, or a wide range of agile motorcycles from respected brands geared to take on the fastest cars on and off the road. [Ubisoft]
The Crew: Wild Run Edition,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,8.1,NaN,Ivory Tower,The Crew Wild Run takes players to what's known as The Summit, a massive gathering of drivers and racing enthusiasts facing off in a series of extreme events in well-known American locations. Players put their skills to the test competing to find out who would become king of the road. Players are free to choose dragsters designed to reach ridiculous top speeds, drift cars that demonstrate inverted control angles, unstoppable monster trucks that can perform backflips and jumps, or a wide range of agile motorcycles from respected brands geared to take on the fastest cars on and off the road. [Ubisoft]
The Deadly Tower of Monsters,PlayStation 4,General,72,7.9,T,ACE Team,Fire up your ray guns, crystal swords, and laser whips, and get ready for thrills and chills! With three incredible movie stars playing out decidedly B-level sci-fi exploits, Dick Starspeed, Scarlet Nova, and Robot will have you ready to jump off the side of the tower--right into adventure!
The Dwarves,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,M,Nordic Games Publishing,NaN
The Elder Scrolls Online: Dark Brotherhood,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,ZeniMax Media,The Dark Brotherhood is looking for a few good killers. Explore the Gold Coast and discover if you have what it takes to join the ranks of Tamriel's master assassins in the Dark Brotherhood DLC game pack. From the port city of Anvil to the Great Cathedral of Kvatch, the business of the Brotherhood consists of murder and mayhem—and business is good! Join the Brotherhood, enter the Sanctuary, and accept your first contract from the mysterious Speaker. Kill well, assassin.
The Elder Scrolls Online: Gold Edition,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,9.0,M,ZeniMax Media,In 2015, The Elder Scrolls Online took 20 years of best-selling, award-winning fantasy role-playing games online. Now, with The Elder Scrolls Online: Gold Edition, own the complete story plus four extensive DLC game packs. From Skyrim to Daggerfall, this will be the easiest way to explore all of Tamriel - travel to Abah's Landing to master the art of thievery with the iconic Thieves Guild, become a deadly assassin of the Dark Brotherhood in the Gold Coast, or ride to Wrothgar and aid the Orc King Kurog in rebuilding Orsinium. Adventure through Tamriel alone, with friends or Guild members, or head to Cyrodiil to join thousands of players in an epic player vs player Alliance War. Master any weapon, craft epic armor sets, and customize your abilities to create a character that is truly yours. The choices are yours and the decisions you make will shape your destiny and the persistent world of The Elder Scrolls Online.
The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited,PlayStation 4,First-Person,74,7.6,M,ZeniMax Media,The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited includes all the gameplay from the original PC/Mac game, plus all the updates and content additions, including the new Justice and Champion systems.  All existing PC/Mac game accounts, open or closed, will be updated to the Tamriel Unlimited edition in March and former players will be invited back to the game at that time to experience all that is new in the world. New players will make a one-time purchase of the game and play, without restrictions, for as long as they like – without game subscription fees. Tamriel Unlimited will be supported with special, optional downloadable content available for purchase and an in-game Crown Store for convenience and customization items. Regular updates and new gameplay will be offered to all players to enjoy free of additional charges. [Bethesda]
The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited - Orsinium,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,72,5.5,M,ZeniMax Media,Orsinium, ESOTU's largest DLC game pack to date, features a colossal new zone with over 20 hours of story content, a new single-player monster arena, new public dungeons, and much more!
The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited - The Imperial City,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.7,M,ZeniMax Media,The Imperial City, located in the heart of the Cyrodiilic Empire, offers hours of new and compelling story content, opportunities to fight enemy alliance players and never-before-seen monsters, two new four-player dungeons, powerful new weapons, armor, and jewelry to earn, and much more—all available starting at level 10.
The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited - Thieves Guild,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,75,tbd,NaN,ZeniMax Media,Join the Thieves Guild of Abah's Landing to become the newest recruit in their organization of pickpockets, burglars, robbers, and thieves. The latest DLC game pack for the award-winning The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited takes you to Hew's Bane – an all new zone to explore in the southern peninsula of Hammerfell. Combined with new story content that will bring you back to all your favorite areas of Tamriel, Thieves Guild offers unexplored delves, powerful group bosses, and much more!
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Special Edition,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.6,M,Bethesda Game Studios,Skyrim Special Edition brings the epic fantasy to life in detail. The Special Edition includes the game and add-ons with all-new features like remastered art and effects, volumetric god rays, dynamic depth of field, screen-space reflections, and more.
The Escapists,PlayStation 4,Action,71,6.2,T,Mouldy Toof Studios,The Escapists is an award winning prison break simulation that provides players the opportunity of experiencing a light-hearted insight into everyday prison life. Whilst the aim of the game is simply to escape, the detail is in the execution. (Dont say the word execution too loud in a prison). You may not be in an open prison, but you are in an open world where in between attending rollcalls, mealtimes and doing your chores you should grab every chance to plan your escape. Do you do favours for other inmates earning money and boosting their opinion of you along the way? Or workout and become stronger? Read to increase your skills or spend your time crafting items into homemade weapons and tools. What about working diligently in your prison job, to gain promotions to new jobs with better benefits? Keep a low profile or go out all guns blazing, as long as you escape in the end, thats all that matters The downloadable version of this game supports English, French, German, Spanish, Polish, Russian.
The Escapists - Alcatraz,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mouldy Toof Studios,Try to escape from one of the most famous prisons in the world - Alcatraz. Many have tried to Escape. Many have failed. Now is your chance to add your name to this list of ‘famous’ escape attempts as you try and escape from one of America’s strongest prisons. Alcatraz Federal Penitentiary has been rebuilt in The Escapists. Master the routine, plan your strategy and execute your very own Alcatraz escape.
The Escapists: The Walking Dead,PlayStation 4,Action,63,tbd,T,Team 17,Merging the award-winning, smash-hit, indie game The Escapists with the worldwide phenomenon that is The Walking Dead, comes The Escapists: The Walking Dead. In this unique game, recreated entirely in the charming 8-bit pixel art style of The Escapists, you play as Rick Grimes as he takes on hordes of zombies let loose upon the world.  
The Evil Within,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,75,7.3,M,Tango Gameworks,While investigating the scene of a gruesome mass murder, Detective Sebastian Castellanos and his partners encounter a menacing and powerful force. After witnessing the slaughter of fellow officers, Sebastian is ambushed and knocked unconscious. When he awakens, he finds himself in a deranged world where hideous creatures wander among the dead. Facing unimaginable terror, and fighting for survival, Sebastian embarks on a daunting journey to unravel that which is behind this evil force.
The Evil Within: The Assignment,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,80,8.2,M,Tango Gameworks,The first of a 2-part, story-driven experience in which players assume the role of detective Juli Kidman, Sebastian Castellanos’ enigmatic partner, in a concurrent story that seeks to answer a few of the questions surrounding her whereabouts during The Evil Within. She will confront disturbing new enemies, discover new mysteries, and reveal new horrors. The Assignment affords fans of The Evil Within the opportunity to discover detective Kidman’s furtive motivations and her opaque connection to Mobius, the shadowy group thought to be behind the gnarly events of The Evil Within. 
The Evil Within: The Consequence,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,75,8.0,NaN,Tango Gameworks,This is the final installment of a two-part, story driven experience where players take on the role of detective Juli Kidman, Sebastian Castellanos’ mysterious partner, in a concurrent story that looks to answer some of the questions surrounding her whereabouts during The Evil Within. Along the way she will encounter disturbing new enemies, discover new mysteries, and uncover new horrors.
The Evil Within: The Executioner,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,59,6.2,NaN,Tango Gameworks,Experience firsthand the powerful force that is The Keeper in The Evil Within: The Executioner. This third and final add-on for The Evil Within places players in a series of battle arenas all from the first-person perspective of The Keeper. Initially armed with The Keepers signature hammer, players will fight against a host of The Evil Withins iconic villains to earn new weapons and upgrades. Set in the Manor House of the Victoriano Estate, The Executioner features first-person melee combat combined with exploration and discovery as players unearth the story of a man forced to become The Keeper.
The Fall,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,79,6.5,T,Over The Moon,Assume the role of ARID, the artificial intelligence on board a high-tech combat suit. ARID's program activates after crashing on an unknown planet. The human pilot within the combat suit is unconscious, and it is ARID's duty to protect him at all costs! As she progresses into her twisted and hostile surroundings, driven to find medical aid before it is too late, the realities of what transpired on this planet force ARID to reflect upon her own protocols. ARID's journey to save her pilot ultimately challenges the very rules that are driving her. 
The Final Station,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,68,tbd,M,tinyBuild, Do My Best Games,Travel by train through a dying world. Look after your passengers, keep your train operational, and make sure you can always reach the next station. Make your way through swarms of infected at each station. Explore mysterious and abandoned stations looking for supplies and survivors.
The Four Kings Casino and Slots,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,4.6,T,Digital Leisure Inc.,The Four Kings Casino and Slots is a social MMO that immerses you in a simulated casino experience. You will start off by creating a personalized 3D avatar that represents you in the online world. As you play, you will be rewarded with more extravagant and prestigious clothing to further customize your look. When you enter the casino you’ll be able to enjoy the most popular casino games like Texas Hold’em Poker, Blackjack, Roulette, Bingo, Instant Keno, Slots and more. Four Kings is a living world that is constantly evolving with new events, clothing, and games. 
The Golf Club,PlayStation 4,Traditional,66,6.3,E,HB Studios Multimedia,The Golf Club is HB Studios' next generation golf simulation. What really takes The Golf Club into the next generation is the procedural generation of courses and depth of social interaction. The Course Creator can generate a brand new course in seconds which can be shared and played immediately online with friends and other gamers across the world. There are also full editing capabilities for courses, Tournaments and Tours. Challenge your friends on a new or existing course in real time or try to beat their best recorded round. Add to this a myriad of stat tracking and personal bests of friends and rivals to beat, notifications, challenges and social media integration.
The Golf Club (Collector's Edition),PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,NaN
The Huntsman: Winter's Curse,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,45,tbd,T,Desert Owl Games LLC,Winter is approaching as Queen Freya’s army marches on relentlessly. Under the shadow of that deadly war, Elisabeth’s life on her family’s farm in Vardhelm comes to an abrupt end. Join her to find her missing brothers as you explore the Huntsman universe and encounter both familiar faces and new dangers, all while discovering the secret Elisabeth herself carries in this wintery adventure. [Playstation.com]
The Jackbox Party Pack,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,8.1,T,Jackbox Games, Inc.,For 1-100 players! Your phones or tablets are your controllers! The team behind YOU DONT KNOW JACK presents FIVE guffaw-inducing party games in one pack! Games include: 1) The comedy trivia sensation YOU DONT NOW JACK 2015 (1-4 players) with hundreds of all-new questions. 2) The hilarious bluffing game Fibbage XL (2-8 players), with 50% more questions added to the original hit game Fibbage. 3) The bizarre drawing game Drawful (3-8 players) - you draw right there on your phone or tablet (very little/no real skill required). 4) The racy-as-you-want-to-be fill-in-the-blank word game Word Spud (2-8 players). 5) The wacky-fact-filled Lie Swatter (1-100 players). Players play using their phones, tablets, or even computers as controllers  making it the perfect easy-in entertainment piece for your next game night or party. Once a game is started from the in-pack menu, players simply connect to the jackbox.tv web address on their device and then enter the on-screen room code to enter a game. No big mess of controllers needed! Youre gonna need more than one party for this. Note: The games included in this pack are in English only.
The Jackbox Party Pack 2,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,71,8.0,T,Jackbox Games, Inc.,The pack of games is headlined by Fibbage 2. A brand new version of Fibbage with hundreds of all new questions — over twice as many as the original Fibbage.
The Jackbox Party Pack 3,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Jackbox Games, Inc.,The threequel to the party game original features the deadly quiz show Trivia Murder Party, the say-anything sequel Quiplash 2, the surprising survey game Guesspionage, the t-shirt slugfest Tee K.O., and the sneaky trickster game Fakin’ It. Use your phones or tablets as controllers, and play with up to 8 players, plus an audience of up to 10,000. [Playstation.com]
The Keeper of 4 Elements,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NaN,The Dark Lord invaded the mystic island to uncover the secrets of ancient magic and use it for his evil deeds. But the island has a powerful protector — a wise monk wielding the power of four elements. Rise to the island’s defense using the elemental towers and devastating spells, which can fend off any possible enemy. Don’t let the hordes of Darkness discover the secret of the island. [Playstation.com]
The King of Fighters 2000,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,SNK,The existence of the secret society “NESTS” has finally been brought to light...With terrorist attacks perpetrated here and there throughout the world, it didn't take a long time for Heidern's mercenary forces to guess that K’ and Maxima were behind these attacks. As the 'NESTS' organization is moving on to their next plan, and K' and Maxima join the KOF Tournament, called out as the officially invited team. Are these events just a coincidence, or are they being sponsored by 'NESTS' in the shadows? [Playstation.com]
The King of Fighters XIV,PlayStation 4,Action,79,8.6,T,SNK Playmore,King of Fighters returns with a roster of 50 characters. Besides the returning fan favorites, numerous new combatants join the roster. Nakoruru, one of the heroines from the Samurai Shodown series, joins the fight along with her fellow hawk companion Mamahaha. Shun’ei is a new character who plays an important role in the game’s story.
The Last Blade 2,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,6.8,T,SNK Playmore,The Last Blade 2, originally released in 1998, is the sequel to the fighting game, The Last Blade, which was released a year before. It picks up where the previous title left off and takes the story of battling at the gates of hell to its climax. This time around, there are 16 unique swordsmen from which to choose. Choose from 2 sword types (Strength and Attack). Deflect your enemy's attacks with "Repel". You can also cancel game-changing special moves like "Super Secret Slice" or "Hidden Secret Slice" with a "Sublime Slash", which connects to Super Secret Slice - just like in the previous title. And there are even some new features like aerial repels, aerial guards and knockdown recovery. Take your battles to a whole 'nother level!
The Last Guardian,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,T,SCE Japan Studio,It’s an action adventure title. It’s a story about a young boy who has been kidnapped or captured under strange circumstances. It’s about an encounter between that boy and the mysterious beast Trico amidst ancient ruins, and a story about their journey together in the hope of escaping their mysterious predicament. [Fumito Ueda via Playstation.com]
The Last of Us Remastered,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,95,9.0,M,Naughty Dog,The Last of Us has been rebuilt for the PlayStation4 system. Now featuring full 1080p, higher resolution character models, improved shadows and lighting, in addition to several other gameplay improvements. 20 years after a pandemic has radically changed known civilization, infected humans run wild and survivors are killing each other for food, weapons; whatever they can get their hands on. Joel, a violent survivor, is hired to smuggle a 14 year-old girl, Ellie, out of an oppressive military quarantine zone, but what starts as a small job soon transforms into a brutal journey across the U.S. The Last of Us Remastered includes the Abandoned Territories Map Pack, Reclaimed Territories Map Pack, and the critically acclaimed The Last of Us: Left Behind Single Player campaign that combines themes of survival, loyalty, and love with tense, survival-action gameplay.
The Last of Us: Left Behind,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,8.6,M,Naughty Dog,Ellie returns in Naughty Dog's first ever, single-player downloadable story chapter. Purchase this chapter now without buying the full game (The Last of Us or The Last of Us Remastered). The Last of Us: Left Behind combines themes of survival, loyalty, and love with tense, survival-action gameplay in this critically acclaimed chapter to the best-selling game, The Last of Us.
The Last Tinker: City of Colors,PlayStation 4,Action,66,6.1,E10+,LOOT Entertainment,The indie-developed rebirth of platform games.
The Legend of Korra,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,54,6.5,T,PlatinumGames,Only one human born every generation, the Avatar, can bend the four elements of nature to their will. The Legend of Korra is a third-person action game that follows the current reincarnation of the Avatar – Korra – a headstrong teenage girl chosen by fate to bring balance to the powers of the world.
The LEGO Movie Videogame,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,71,7.1,E10+,TT Games,In a scenario drawn from the film, The LEGO Movie Videogame puts LEGO kids into the role of Emmet, an ordinary, rules-following, perfectly average LEGO minifigure who is mistakenly identified as the most extraordinary person and the key to saving the world. Players guide him as he is drafted into a fellowship of strangers on an epic quest to stop an evil tyrant, a journey for which Emmet is hopelessly and hilariously underprepared.
The Magic Circle: Gold Edition,PlayStation 4,Adventure,76,7.8,M,Question,A story-driven puzzler. It’s a dark comedy about a legendary game that has been stuck in development hell for 20 years, and only you can save it.
The Mark of Kri,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,SCEA,Long ago, an evil spell was created that had the power to bridge our world with the one of darkness. Before the spell could be invoked it was stolen and hidden away, forgotten with time... until now.
The Order: 1886,PlayStation 4,Action,63,6.6,M,Ready at Dawn, SCE Santa Monica,The Order: 1886 introduces us to a unique vision of Victorian-Era London in which Man uses advanced technology to battle a powerful and ancient enemy.  As Galahad, a member of an elite order of Knights, join a centuries-old war against a powerful threat that will determine the course of history in this third-person action-adventure shooter.
The Park,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,55,6.0,M,Funcom,The Park is a single-player horror experience developed by Funcom, set against the backdrop of an amusement park where a dark and sinister secret is just waiting to be uncovered.
The Peanuts Movie: Snoopy's Grand Adventure,PlayStation 4,Action,59,6.6,E,Activision, Behaviour Interactive,In The Peanuts Movie: Snoopy’s Grand Adventure, Snoopy explores the fantastical worlds of his imagination to track down Charlie Brown and his friends in an intricate game of hide-and-seek.
The Pinball Arcade,PlayStation 4,Action,82,6.9,E10+,Farsight Studios,This downloadable pinball game features licensed tables from Williams Gottlieb, Bally, and Stern.
The Pinball Arcade: Season 2,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,System 3,NaN
The Playroom,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,6.9,E,SCEI, SCE Japan Studio,Welcome to a magical place, pre-installed on your PlayStation 4.
The Playroom VR,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,74,7.6,E,Sony Interactive Entertainment,A spin on virtual reality gaming. A variety of action-packed mini-games which has you diving into everything from a cat and mouse chase to clearing a haunted house of its ghastly ghosts. 
The Sun and Moon,PlayStation 4,Action,64,tbd,E,Daniel Linssen,The Sun and Moon is a platformer with a special mechanic: you can dive into the ground. Momentum is conserved but gravity is reversed, letting you fling yourself high into the air or deep beneath the surface.
The Swapper,PlayStation 4,Action,83,7.7,E10+,Facepalm Games,The Swapper features a unique art style that uses real-world clay-models and found objects to create an explorable space station realised in unique detail; gameplay sees players swap between different bodies to achieve otherwise impossible tasks. The game has won awards from IndieCade, Develop and Freeplay, and been a finalist in many more.
The Swindle,PlayStation 4,Action,73,6.1,E10+,Size Five Games,The Swindle is a platforming, action and stealth game set in a Victorian Steampunk world.
The Talos Principle,PlayStation 4,Adventure,88,8.4,E10+,Croteam,In The Talos Principle, players assume the role of a sentient artificial intelligence placed within a simulation of humanity?s greatest ruins and linked together through an arcane cathedral. Players are tasked with solving a series of increasingly complex puzzles woven into a metaphysical parable about intelligence and meaning in an inevitably doomed world.
The Technomancer,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,60,6.8,M,Spiders,Spiders are back with The Technomancer, a new post-apocalyptic RPG set in a cyberpunk world for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC set on Mars during the War of Water, where an aspiring Technomancer faces a myriad of questions as his future grows threatened by the secrets of his past.
The Tomorrow Children,PlayStation 4,Sci-Fi,54,5.7,T,Q-Games,When an ambitious experiment designed to unite the minds of all humanity goes horribly wrong, almost all life on Earth disappears instantly, melting down into the planet to form “the Void”. Years later, a handful of survivors begin to rebuild civilisation, but their endeavours are hampered by “the Izverg”, giant beasts formed from the residue of negativity and nightmares that now roam the land. Fortunately, engineers discover the ability to develop “projection clones” – new life forms capable of venturing deep into the Void in search of preserved human DNA. It is with these clones that mankind begins the long journey back to its former glory …
The Treasures of Montezuma 4,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,T,Alawar Entertainment, Inc, Alawar Entertainment,The epic match-three adventure continues in The Treasures of Montezuma 4!
The Unfinished Swan,PlayStation 4,Action,83,7.5,E10+,Armature Studio,Enter the surreal world of The Unfinished Swan and explore a mysterious, hidden kingdom. Your journey will be led by a runaway swan who guides you through strange levels filled with bizarre creatures. Discover the land through innovative new game mechanics such as splatting paint on a white surface to uncover your surroundings. Each level will bring new twists, challenges, and puzzles until you eventually come face-to-face with the eccentric King that built this realm.
The Vanishing of Ethan Carter,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,81,7.8,M,The Astronauts,The Vanishing of Ethan Carter is a first-person story-driven mystery focused on exploration and discovery. As occult-minded private detective Paul Prospero communicates with the dead to discover the fate of a missing boy and the mystery behind a dark ancient force inhabiting Red Creek Valley.
The Walking Dead: A Telltale Games Series - The Complete First Season,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,8.4,M,Telltale Games,A five-part game series set in the same universe as Robert Kirkmans award-winning series. Play as Lee Everett, a convicted criminal, who has been given a second chance at life in a world devastated by the undead. Experience events, meet people and visit locations that foreshadow the story of Deputy Sheriff Rick Grimes. A tailored game experience  actions, choices and decisions affect how your story plays out across the entire series. The downloadable version of this game supports English, French, Italian, German, Spanish
The Walking Dead: Michonne - A Telltale Miniseries,PlayStation 4,Adventure,64,6.3,NaN,Skybound LLC,he Walking Dead: Michonne - A Telltale Miniseries stars the iconic, blade-wielding character from Robert Kirkman's best-selling comic books, portrayed in-game by award-winning actress Samira Wiley. Haunted by her past, and coping with unimaginable loss and regret, the story explores Michonne's absence between issues #126 and #139 of the comic book. Over the three episodes of the miniseries, players will discover what took Michonne away from Rick, Ezekiel, and the rest of her trusted group... and what brought her back.
The Walking Dead: Michonne - Episode 1: In Too Deep,PlayStation 4,Adventure,70,7.0,M,Skybound LLC,In this premiere episode, 'In Too Deep,' Michonne joins Pete and his crew on the sailing ship The Companion as they cruise the coast for survivors and supplies. When a desperate signal for help draws them to a scene of horrific massacre, Michonne and the crew are lead further to the floating survivors' colony of Monroe, which may just be harboring the person responsible for the carnage. [TellTale Games]
The Walking Dead: Michonne - Episode 2: Give No Shelter,PlayStation 4,Adventure,82,7.1,M,Telltale Games,Surrounded by the dead and mistrustful of the living, you – as Michonne - will choose how the story flows through the choices you make, in this three-part episodic miniseries. 
The Walking Dead: Michonne - Episode 3: What We Deserve,PlayStation 4,Adventure,76,7.9,M,Telltale Games,The season finale.
UEFA EURO 2016,PlayStation 4,Sports,72,6.6,E,Konami,KONAMI’s official UEFA EURO 2016 title is added to PES 2016’s main menu screen and instantly visible on loading the game. The disc-based release contains both the full PES 2016 game and UEFA EURO 2016 content. The UEFA EURO 2016 mode features full iconography and presentation elements from this year’s tournament, and also includes the Stade de France stadium, which hosts the final in July. From the 24 qualified teams that feature real players with hundreds of authentic player faces, 15 fully licensed teams will be included with the latest strips for England, Wales, Germany, Spain, Portugal, Italy, Ukraine, Czech Republic, Croatia, Slovakia, Iceland, Turkey, Albania, Northern Ireland and hosts France, all perfectly recreated. All squads will also be in line with those of the qualifying nations with the various playing styles perfectly replicated via the game’s innovative Player ID and Team ID systems, which mimic the exact playing styles of both individual players and the team as a whole. [Konami]
Ultra Street Fighter IV,PlayStation 4,Action,71,5.8,T,Other Ocean Interactive,All the characters, all the levels, and all of the DLC that have been launched thus far are be included in the PS4 version of the game.
Ultratron,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,5.8,E,Puppy Games, Carbon Games,Experience the gameplay of old-school arcade standards, updated for the 21st century. Unique retro-futuristic sound and graphics, player responsive difficulty, and a subtle system of tactics combined with classic gameplay make Ultratron a hypnotic arcade game. The last human has been slain by evil killer robots. You are the one remaining humanoid battle droid. Your mission: avenge the human race. Boost your battledroid with powerups, buy cute but deadly pets in the shop. Blast your way through 40+ glowing neon levels, avoiding Chasers, Turrets, Spawners, Minelayers, bombs, and bullets, and take on the four giant boss 'bots of the Apocalypse - Ieiunitas, Bellum, Lues and Letum.
Umbrella Corps,PlayStation 4,Action,39,2.5,M,Capcom,Umbrella Corps brings a competitive experience featuring new types of strategy and technique blended with elements from the world of Resident Evil, to create a "unique" kind of shooter. 
Uncharted 4: A Thief's End,PlayStation 4,General,93,7.9,T,Naughty Dog,Set 3 years after the events of Uncharted 3, Nathan Drake has apparently left the world of fortune hunting behind. However, it doesn’t take long for adventure to come calling when Drake’s brother, Sam, re-emerges asking for his help to save his own life and offering an adventure Drake cannot resist. On the hunt for Captain Henry Avery’s long-lost treasure, Sam and Drake embark on a journey to find Libertalia, the pirate utopia deep in the forests of Madagascar. Uncharted 4: A Thief’s End takes players around the globe, through jungle isles, urban cities and snow-capped peaks on the search for Avery’s fortune. [Naughty Dog]
Uncharted: The Nathan Drake Collection,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,86,8.1,T,Bluepoint Games,From the storytellers at Naughty Dog, comes the epic that altered adventure storytelling, rebuilt by Bluepoint Games with the power of the PS4 system. Follow the harrowing journey of Nathan Drake across the globe, from humble beginnings to incredible discoveries. Meet a unique cast of characters as Drake puts life and friendships on the line in a race against ruthless enemies to uncover unimaginable treasure. UNCHARTED: The Nathan Drake Collection includes the single-player campaigns for UNCHARTED: Drake’s Fortune, UNCHARTED 2: Among Thieves, and UNCHARTED 3: Drake’s Deception.
Unepic,PlayStation 4,Action,66,6.0,T,A Crowd of Monsters,Unepic is a combination of platforming and role playing games. There are many hilarious references throughout the game. The game takes place in Harnakon, a huge medieval castle.
Unholy Heights,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,Petit Depotto,Hell is too boring, so the Devil transforms himself into a monster apartment slum lord. Unholy Heights combines Tower Defense and Apartment Management to create uniquely fun and addictive gameplay. As the Devil, you have two ambitions: collect millions in rent and breed a monstrous legion of fearsome beasts. Unleash your monsters on the human adventurers and evict them with extreme prejudice. [Playstation.com]
Unmechanical: Extended Edition,PlayStation 4,Action,75,6.2,E,Grip Games,Explore the non-linear levels at your own pace, many of which will require some out-of-the-box thinking and the process of trying to find the solution is just as important as progressing the story.
Uno,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,71,6.0,E,Ubisoft Chengdu,Uno makes its return to consoles and PC with an assortment of exciting features such as added video chat support and an all new theme system which adds more fun to enjoy your Uno game!
Unravel,PlayStation 4,Action,78,8.4,E,Coldwood Interactive,Yarny's mission is to mend broken bonds and the yarn represents the love and connection between people. The player will use Yarny's thread to do things such as swinging across gaps or rappelling down trees. Te game will also challenge gamers to use the thread in clever and creative ways. [Electronic Arts]
Until Dawn,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,79,8.2,M,SuperMassive Games,When 8 friends become trapped on a remote mountain getaway gone wrong, things quickly turn sinister and they start to suspect they aren’t alone. Gripped by fear and with tensions in the group running high, you’ll be forced to make snap decisions that could mean life or death for everyone involved. Every choice you make while playing as each of the eight friends – even the seemingly trivial ones – will carve out your own unique story.
Until Dawn: Rush of Blood,PlayStation 4,Action,72,7.6,M,SuperMassive Games,From the warped minds of the team behind PS4 horror classic Until Dawn, comes Until Dawn: Rush of Blood  a virtual reality experience to strike fear into the hearts of every trigger-happy arcade shooter fan. Arm yourself to the teeth then blast your way through a horde of enemies and monsters coming at you from all angles. Duck and dodge everything thats thrown at you in this fright-filled rollercoaster ride from hell  exclusive to PlayStation VR. Can you survive seven levels of pure terror to top the global leaderboards? With multiple paths to take and nightmarish themes to scare the living daylights out of you, no two rides will ever be the same  and neither will you...
Valentino Rossi The Game,PlayStation 4,Racing,75,8.0,E,Milestone, Milestone S.r.l,A videogame entirely dedicated to the career of Valentino Rossi, the 9 time World Champion. Experience the career of Valentino from his perspective in a series of 20 challenges from his first race in 1996 up to 2015. Jump into a new career starting at the VR|46 Academy and taking you up to World Champion. During the championship, Valentino will ask you to take part in different events like drifting, flat, R1M-only races, and rally in order to improve his abilities. 
Valhalla Hills: Definitive Edition,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,NaN,T,Kalypso,NaN
Valiant Hearts: The Great War,PlayStation 4,Action,77,8.4,T,Ubisoft Montpellier,The story of crossed destinies and a broken love in a world torn apart. All of them will try to survive the horror of the trenches following their faithful canine companion. In Valiant Hearts: The Great War, the lives of all these characters are inextricably drawn together over the course of the game. Friendship, love, sacrifice, and tragedy befall each one as they help each other to retain their humanity against the horrors of war. 
Valkyria Chronicles Remastered,PlayStation 4,Strategy,84,8.3,T,Sega,The Principality of Gallia, a small neutral country between two superpower nations, suddenly faces invasion at the hands of the Empire. In the face of an overwhelming military power, the Gallian army has lost all hope. However, a ragtag volunteer militia has risen up against all odds to fight off the invading Imperial Army! Through various situations born of the extreme nature of war, this large-scale strategy RPG depicts themes such as living life to the fullest and the importance of human relationships. [Sega]
Valley,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,72,7.6,T,Blue Isle Studios,Explore the vast and beautiful game world of Valley using the power of the L.E.A.F. SUIT: a fierce exoskeleton that grants exceptional speed and agility along with the phenomenal ability to manipulate the life and death of all living things.
Velocibox,PlayStation 4,Action,62,7.0,E,Shawn Beck,Experience lightning-fast twitch gameplay, with mind-bending flips and spins, that is sure to challenge (and maybe frustrate) even the most hardcore of hardcore gamers. Velocibox promises to test your abilities to the brink, and beyond. Advance through 80+ patterns and levels by dodging obstacles at break neck speeds. Rely on split second reactions and instincts as you flip and rotate sideways to navigate through each diabolical level. [Sony]
Velocity 2X,PlayStation 4,Action,86,6.9,E10+,FuturLab,Velocity 2X features puzzle-platforming action alongside top-down shoot-'em-up gameplay.
Verdun,PlayStation 4,Action,55,7.6,M,Blackmill Games,Verdun is a squad based multiplayer first person shooter set in the first world war. Inspired by the infamous battle of Verdun in 1916 players are able to take part in never seen before WWI action. Made by 3 indie developers from BlackMill and M2H.
VEV: Viva Ex Vivo,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,48,6.3,E,Truant Pixel,Viva Ex Vivo is a game by Truant Pixel which features a unique mix of non-traditional arcade, simulation, and survival gameplay intended for all audiences. Players assume control of the "Virtual Eukaryote Visualizer," or VEV: a remote-controlled nanoscale artificial organism capable of surviving in a multitude of familiar and foreign microscopic environments.
VIDEOBALL,PlayStation 4,Sports,77,6.4,E,Action Button Entertainment,VIDEOBALL is an abstract minimalist electronic sport. It is casual in that it uses only one stick and one button and you can play it while hanging out with your friends who do not normally play games. It is hardcore in that if you are good at it you and your opponents will scream and you will scream too, because your opponents are screaming.
Viking Squad,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Slick Entertainment Inc.,Grab your trusty sword, strap on a fearsome helmet, and plunge into the chaotic fray of Viking Squad! As a member of this ragtag group you must put a stop to the wildly mischievous Loki and reopen the gates to Valhalla. Work together to unleash massive attacks on foes and expand your arsenal in this three player co-op brawler.
Vikings: Wolves of Midgard,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Games Farm,NaN
Virginia,PlayStation 4,Adventure,77,6.2,M,505 Games,Virginia is a single-player first-person thriller set in a small town with a secret. Experience a missing person’s investigation through the eyes of graduate FBI agent Anne Tarver.
Volume,PlayStation 4,Action,71,7.5,T,Mike Bithell,Robert Locksley is a petty thief who happens upon a device known as "Volume". Originally intended to be utilized as part of a secret military coup, Robert now has the ability to simulate high-profile heists, so what does he choose to do? Broadcast these crimes over the internet. Make your way through this postmodern twist on Let's Play videos with the help of Danny Wallace as the voice of the Volume artificial Intelligence. From Mike Bithell, creator of Thomas Was Alone.
VVVVVV,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,7.3,E10+,Terry Cavanagh,There's something terrible wrong in an alternate dimension! Help Captain Viridian flip to find five crew members, 20 hard-to-reach Trinkets and save a dimension on the brink of destruction. It's a space opera in the most unique scale with a style that only VVVVVV can bring to you. Instead of jumping, control the direction of gravity by inverting your gravity and allowing Captain Viridian to flip between the floors and ceilings of the environment.
Waddle Home,PlayStation 4,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Archiact Interactive Ltd.,Guide penguins through a snowy world filled with traps, guards, and ice, and lead them back home to the Rescue Ship. Bop blocks and toggle switches to help them escape nasty traps and dodge those pesky robot guards. Save the penguins as fast as you can, and collect all three eggs in each level to get a high score.
Wand Wars,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Moonradish Inc.,Wand Wars is a fast-moving magical sports game. Ride brooms over ancient arenas, cast arcane spells and turn opponents into adorable chickens. Attempt to control a powerful sphere that bounces around the arena, increasing in speed and size over time.
Wander,PlayStation 4,Simulation,28,1.9,E,Wander,Wander is a game focused on exploration and joy.
War of the Monsters,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Incognito Inc.,100-foot tall monsters have stormed the world causing panic and despair! Engaged in a savage battle, these raging behemoths won't let anything stand in their way.
War Thunder,PlayStation 4,Action,76,6.0,T,Gaijin Entertainment,War Thunder is a next generation MMO combat game dedicated to World War II military aviation, armored vehicles, and fleets. You will take part in all of the major combat battles, fighting with real players all over the world.
Warframe,PlayStation 4,Action,64,6.9,M,Digital Extremes,Set in the far reaches of outer space during a new Dark Age, WARFRAME introduces the Tenno, a race on the brink of extinction after being enslaved by the Grineer for centuries. Players enter WARFRAME on the cusp of the Grineer's victory over the Tenno until they begin to arm themselves with WARFRAMES - an ancient exo-skeletal technology only they can operate. Hidden within the Orokin Derelicts of a lost civilization, new WARFRAMES lie dormant and undiscovered.  These artifacts are the Tenno's only hope for survival.
Warhammer 40,000: Eternal Crusade,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Behaviour Interactive,Warhammer 40,000: Eternal Crusade features a persistent world where players must choose from one of four factions and work together to take down opposing forces.
Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide,PlayStation 4,Action,73,6.7,M,Fatshark AB,Vermintide is an epic co-operative action combat adventure set in the End Times of the iconic Warhammer Fantasy world.
Warhedz,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Atom Republic,NaN
Warriors Orochi 3 Ultimate,PlayStation 4,Action,77,6.5,T,Omega Force,Fans will experience WARRIORS OROCHI 3 in a new light as they enter the fray with the implementation of new generation console features, new storylines and scenarios.
Wasteland 2: Director's Cut,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,80,7.6,M,InXile Entertainment,Wasteland 2 is the direct sequel to the first ever post-apocalyptic computer RPG. The original Wasteland was the inspiration for the FALLOUT series of games, and the first RPG to allow players to split parties for tactical considerations, to face players with moral choices, and to make them deal with the consequences of their actions. It was the first to provide far more than the one-key-for-one-lock style of puzzle solving. It was groundbreaking, which is why IGN named it one of the top 25 PC games of all time, Computer Gaming World named it the Adventure Game of the year in 1988, and it was short-listed for inclusion in the Smithsonian Institutions current Art of the Computer Game exhibition.
Watch Dogs,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,80,6.3,M,Ubisoft Montreal,In the modern uber-connected world, Chicago maintains the nation's most advanced and integrated computer system – one which controls almost every facet of city technology and maintains critical information on all of the city's residents. Assume the role of Aiden Pearce, a notorious hacker and former thug, whose criminal history lead to a violent family tragedy. Now on the hunt for those people who have hurt your family, you will be able to monitor and hack all who surround you while manipulating the city's systems to stop traffic lights, download personal and private information, manipulate the electrical grid and more. Use the entire city of Chicago as your personal weapon and exact your signature brand of revenge.
Watch Dogs 2,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,M,Ubisoft Montreal,Check out the birthplace of the tech revolution as Marcus Holloway, a brilliant young hacker who has fallen victim to ctOS 2.0's predictive algorithms and accused of a crime he did not commit. In Marcus' mission to shut down ctOS 2.0 for good, hacking is his ultimate weapon.  Players not only can hack into the San Francisco Bay Area's infrastructure, but also into every person and any connected device they possess to trigger unpredictable chains of events in this vast open world. 
Watch Dogs: Bad Blood,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,76,7.2,M,Ubisoft Montreal,Assume the role of T-Bone Grady, the legendary and eccentric hacker and Aiden Pearce's trusted comrade. Now on the run from Blume, T-Bone must make the decision to run and start a new life or fight Blume to save an old friend. Face your shady past on your road to redemption. [Ubisoft]
Wayward Sky,PlayStation 4,Action,72,7.0,T,Uber Entertainment,Risk life and limb as you explore a mysterious floating fortress in search of your kidnapped father in Wayward Sky on PlayStation VR. Assume the role of Bess, a young co-pilot who must navigate her way through puzzles and perilous pathways to find her father and escape the crumbling airborne fortress. Guide the action with responsive motion controls and explore the unique environment from both third- and first-person perspectives. Specially crafted visuals and camera “blinks” transport you instantly from Bess’s point to view on board the fortress to high above the scene, looking down like a towering giant.
WE ARE DOOMED,PlayStation 4,Action,61,6.7,E,Vertex Pop,We Are Doomed is a twin-stick shooter in which you zap polygon baddies with an absurdly overpowered laserbeam. The laserbeam can be charged into a SUPERBEAM, which goes all the way across the screen zapping everything it touches in short order. The game features a unique lo-fi aesthetic, with bold shapes, glitching geometry, and neon colours. [Vertex Pop]
We Sing,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,NaN,T,Nordic Games Publishing,NaN
Weeping Doll,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TianShe Media,An ordinary family. A beautiful home. But, who’s crying? Search the home, scour every room and scrutinize over every detail to piece together the story that has been kept locked away… [Playstation.com]
Werewolves Within,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,NaN,E,Ubisoft,A game of social deduction that brings the fun of game night with friends to virtual reality.
Wheels of Aurelia,PlayStation 4,Racing,No score yet,tbd,T,Santa Ragione,A narrative road trip game set in the roaring Italian 70s, it tells the story of Lella, a restless woman driving on the roads of the western coast of Italy, the famous “Via Aurelia.” This is an interactive fiction game in the shape of an isometric racer and with a focus on replayability: every playthorugh lasts about fifteen minutes and there are sixteen different endings to discover. [Playstation.com]
Whispering Willows,PlayStation 4,Adventure,63,5.9,T,LOOT Interactive,In Whispering Willows, the player takes on the role of Elena, a determined young girl with the extraordinary ability to project her spirit outside of her body. In her spectral form, Elena can interact with the benevolent spirits and wicked wraiths that used to dwell within the walls of the sinister Willows Mansion - lost souls, stuck in time and space, who hold the secrets that Elena will need to traverse the terrifying old manor. Players need to make use of Elenas corporeal and ethereal forms to overcome obstacles, solve the riddles of the mansions enigmatic specters, and find Elenas lost father.
White Night,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,67,6.8,M,OSome Studio,Explore the macabre past of an aging mansion in the 1930's and solve puzzles of light and shadows in this fully black & white survival horror. Players are trapped in this nightmare where darkness is a persistent threat.
Whitetail Challenge,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NaN,NaN
Wick,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hellbent Games,Wick is a survival horror game in which ghost stories are brought to life. Explore a local legend about the long lost children in the woods who can still be seen — but only by those who dare to enter alone by candlelight.
Wild Arms 3,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,No score yet,9.3,T,Media Vision, Contrail,During desolate times on the Sea of Sand, drifters venture across the vast lands of Filgaia searching for fortune and adventure. And so begins the story of Wild Arms 3, a role-playing game that delivers an in-depth storyline, puzzling dungeons, and a unique battling system. Journey along with Virginia, Jet, Clive, and Gallows and discover the mystery behind the Prophets to revive the memories of Filgaia. Explore dungeons to unlock secret pathways and find mythical treasures. With weapons including six-shooters, a shotgun, a revolver, and a high-powered rifle, shoot-outs deliver intense cinematic battles.
Windlands VR,PlayStation 4,Adventure,No score yet,6.4,E,Psytec Games Ltd,This is a first-person grappling hook exploration game. Soar through the ruins of a fallen world and discover the secrets of the ancients. Windlands has been developed primarily for Virtual Reality headsets, but is also an experience for those without headsets.
Woah Dave!,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,5.7,E,Choice Provisions,Woah Dave! is a frantic, score-chasing arcade game where players gun for digital glory by destroying monsters, stealing their loose change, and triggering more than enough explosions to deplete the O-Zone entirely. Have we mentioned it's also incredibly difficult?
Wolfenstein: The New Order,PlayStation 4,Action,79,8.1,M,MachineGames,1946: Europe. World War II rages on across Europe. Where the Allies once pressed advantage, the Nazi forces have turned the tide in dramatic fashion behind the technologically advanced war machine of General Wilhelm Strasse, aka Deathshead. When a final Allied assault on Deathshead's compound fails, the Allies’ greatest hope falls with it. 1960: Europe. The war is over. And the Nazis are triumphant victors. Using unrelenting force and brutal intimidation, the Nazis have brought even the most powerful nations to their knees. The Nazi regime now rules the globe with an iron fist. You are Captain B.J. Blazkowicz, the American War Hero. After delving into this world of darkness, you must launch an impossible counter-offensive against the monstrous Nazi regime. Only you dare stand up against an unstoppable army of Nazi robots and hulking Super Soldiers. Only you can stop Deathshead. Only you can rewrite history.
Wolfenstein: The Old Blood,PlayStation 4,Action,76,8.0,NaN,MachineGames,It's 1946 and the Nazis are on the verge of winning WWII. In attmepting to turn the tide in the allies’ favor, B.J. Blazkowicz has to embark on an epic, two-part mission deep within Bavaria… Part one of Wolfenstein: The Old Blood - Rudi Jäger and the Den of Wolves - pits BJ Blazkowicz against a notorious prison warden as he breaks into Castle Wolfenstein in an attempt to steal the coordinates to General Deathshead’s compound. In the second part – The Dark Secrets of Helga Von Schabbs – our hero's search for the coordinates leads him to the city of Wulfburg where an obsessed Nazi archaeologist is exhuming enigmatic artifacts that threaten to unleash a dark and ancient power.
Wondershot,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Leikir Studio,Wondershot is a local multiplayer battle arena. You have only one ammo and one life to defeat your opponent. If you miss your shot, your ammo will be lost on the map and you need to pick it up without dying. You can play 1 to 4 players. Each round, your weapon changes and the map does too.
World of Final Fantasy,PlayStation 4,Role-Playing,78,8.3,E10+,Square Enix,Embark on an adventure unlike any before to an all new WORLD OF FINAL FANTASY. With charming, stylized visuals for both the young and the young at heart, players will collect, raise, and battle iconic monsters by stacking them to form adorable yet strategic monster towers. The memorable legends of FINAL FANTASY come to life in this imaginative, colorful world as an epic story fit for the smallest of heroes unfolds.
World of Tanks,PlayStation 4,Action,80,6.2,T,Wargaming.net,World of Tanks is the first and only team-based massively multiplayer online action game dedicated to armored warfare. Throw yourself into the epic tank battles of World War II with other steel cowboys all over the world. Your arsenal includes more than 150 armored vehicles from America, Germany, and the Soviet Union, carefully detailed with historical accuracy. A flexible system of authentic vehicle upgrade and development allows you to try any of the vehicles and weapons in the game. Whether you prefer to exhaust your foes with fast and maneuverable light tanks, make deep breaches in enemy lines with all-purpose medium tanks, use the force of giant tanks to eliminate opposing armored forces, or become a heavy sniper with long-range howitzers, each unit type has its own advantages and can be extremely effective when operated by a true tank ace. But being a great tank commander alone isn't enough to win.
World Poker Championship,PlayStation 4,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,Play some poker and win the world championship!
World War Toons,PlayStation 4,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Reload Studios,A laugh-out loud first person shooter and tank combat game.
Worlds of Magic: Planar Conquest,PlayStation 4,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,Wastelands Interactive,Become the supreme sorcerer. Explore and conquer vast array of uniquely generated universes using military and magical power to overcome your foes. Find cities, raise armies, cast spells, and create powerful magical artifacts in your bid to become the Supreme Sorcerer Lord in Worlds of Magic: Planar Conquest, a 4X turn-based strategy game. [Playstation.com]
Worms Battlegrounds,PlayStation 4,Strategy,62,6.2,E10+,Team 17,Worms Battlegrounds features an extensive single player campaign spanning 25 story missions and 10 “Worm-Ops” time-attack missions, which are set across five stunning environments (Inca, Viking, Feudal Japan and Industrial Revolution) with new day-to-night lighting transitions.
Worms W.M.D,PlayStation 4,Strategy,78,7.6,E10+,Team 17,With a hand-drawn 2D look, brand new weapons, the introduction of crafting, vehicles and buildings plus the return of some classic weapons and gameplay, Worms W.M.D is back.
WRC 5,PlayStation 4,Racing,62,6.0,E,Kylotonn, Milestone S.r.l,In WRC 5, you can start to drive at early morning, in the middle of the day, during the sunset or even during the night. These different moments of the day allow you to experience various atmospheres (morning fog, dazzling sunset) and the headlights’ ramp will be very useful for the night stages.
WRC 6: FIA World Rally Championship,PlayStation 4,Racing,68,5.7,E,Kylotonn,All 14 rounds of the 2016 WRC season, including for the first time Rally China; All the star WRC drivers and also a wide selection of WRC 2 teams and competitors from the Junior WRC category eSports WRC, the first international online competition of the WRC, which was launched in January 2016 with WRC 5, will continue in WRC 6.
WWE 2K15,PlayStation 4,Action,62,5.1,T,Yuke's,For the first time, guide your custom Superstar through an authentic WWE career in the MyCareer Mode. From NXT to RAW, make your way up to the WWE Championship and live the life of an actual WWE Superstar.  By using new motion capture technology, 2K15 includes many more new animations than any previous WWE title. The game also includes a new chain wrestling system.
WWE 2K15: NXT Arrival,PlayStation 4,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,Yuke's,Play as some of the brightest Superstars to ever step foot in an NXT ring with the all new NXT ArRIVAL pack! The future starts now with playable NXT characters such as Adam Rose, Konnor and Viktor of The Ascension, NXT Diva Emma and Former WWE Champion and Monday Night Raw Announcer JBL!
WWE 2K16,PlayStation 4,Action,73,7.4,T,Yuke's,Offering more than 120 unique playable characters, including cover Superstar Stone Cold Steve Austin alongside Seth Rollins, Daniel Bryan, Dean Ambrose, Bad News Barrett, Paige and Finn Bálor, WWE 2K16 includes the largest roster in WWE games history. The roster contains a combination of current WWE Superstars and Divas, emerging NXT talent, WWE Hall of Famers and WWE alumni from multiple eras.
WWE 2K17,PlayStation 4,Sports,68,6.9,T,Yuke's,Features thousands of new moves and animations, backstage and in-arena brawling, and the biggest roster of WWE and NXT Superstars and Legends to date. Now more than ever, you will feel like you are commanding an actual WWE broadcast! POWERFUL CREATION SUITE. Create and develop your custom WWE with the deepest Creation Suite to date, featuring new creation options such as Create a Video and Create a Victory. New features and additional content allow you to create custom Superstars, Arenas, and Championships. The power is in your hands to create your WWE. MyCAREER AND WWE UNIVERSE WITH NEW PROMO ENGINE. The all-new Promo Engine brings the drama and personality of the WWE Superstars to life in MyCAREER and WWE Universe modes. Choose your words wisely and smack talk your opponents, start rivalries or form alliances. Your words will shape your characters as they rise through the ranks of NXT and WWE, to become WWE Hall of Famers. [2K Sports]
XCOM 2,PlayStation 4,Strategy,87,8.0,T,Firaxis Games,Earth has changed. Twenty years have passed since world leaders offered an unconditional surrender to alien forces. XCOM, the planet’s last line of defense, was left decimated and scattered. Now, in XCOM 2, the aliens rule Earth, building shining cities that promise a brilliant future for humanity on the surface, while concealing a sinister agenda and eliminating all who dissent from their new order. Only those who live at the edges of the world have a margin of freedom. Here, a force gathers once again to stand up for humanity. Always on the run, and facing impossible odds, the remnant XCOM forces must find a way to ignite a global resistance, and eliminate the alien threat once and for all.
Xeodrifter,PlayStation 4,Action,77,5.5,E,Renegade Kid,Drifting through the stars. Xeodrifter is the story of an interstellar drifter traveling the stars on a simple mission of exploration. We join our nomad as he embarks on the investigation of a small cluster of four planets in the omega sector, after a collision with a rogue asteroid damaged his warp core. Blast your way through alien landscapes, seek out valuable secrets, and defeat ancient guardians to unlock powers from a legendary supreme culture in this exciting journey of mystery and adventure.
Yakuza 0,PlayStation 4,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,M,Ryu ga Gotoku Studios,The story follows Kazuma Kiryu as a junior yakuza member who finds himself in a heap of trouble when a simple debt collection goes upside down and his mark ends up murdered. Meanwhile, Goro Majima is living a "normal" life as the proprieter of 