title,platform,genre,metascore,userscore,rating,developer,summary
#IDARB,Xbox One,Action,77,7.2,E,Other Ocean Interactive,#IDARB started as a picture of red box. Then more happened. It's a constantly-evolving, crowd-sourced, minimalist game mechanic sketchbook. 
#KILLALLZOMBIES,Xbox One,Action,53,tbd,T,Beatshapers,In the distant future; #KILLALLZOMBIES is thrusting civilians into a sport of survival were a ravenous zombie population is unleashed in the name of sports entertainment with television spectators voting upon how many zombies they want to uncage to make survival all the more harder for you to accomplish with the potential of a collective horde of over 1,000 zombies.
10 Second Ninja X,Xbox One,Action,82,5.1,T,GameDesignDan,10 Second Ninja X is a hardcore sidescroller. You’re a ninja, there are robots, you’ve got ten seconds to destroy them all. Get three star ratings, climb leaderboards, discover secrets, and stop Captain Greatbeard.
1001 Spikes,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,4.9,T,Nicalis,Discover the lost treasures of Ukampa in South America as Aban Hawkins searches for his estranged father, world-famous archaeologist Jim Hawkins. Before the elder Hawkins mysteriously disappeared, he entrusted his daughter Tina with a map to the location of the ruins with a grave warning that death awaits around every corner.
101 Ways to Die,Xbox One,Action,71,tbd,T,4 Door Lemon,In this puzzle-platformer you'll play assistant to mad scientist Professor Splattunfuder - a scientist, inventor and weapons manufacturer of questionable sanity. Nearing the end of his career, he devoted himself to a terrible "recipe book" focused on the death and destruction of his enemies, preferably using the most stylish methods possible.  An unfortunate laboratory accident resulted in the destruction of the first draft - now it's down to you to assist him piece the fragments back together. The evil Professor has grown vats full of helpless creatures known as Splatts that he is using to aid him in a range of awful experiments - which is where you come in.  Using all your murderous creativity, a generous helping of weaponry, a passing knowledge of physics and a large dose of violence to the poor helpless Splatts, you'll help the Professor rewrite his classic book of recipes, titled... 101 Ways To Die!
140,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Jeppe Carlsen,At its heart 140 is an old-school platformer set in a world of abstract colorful graphics, but it has a musical twist. You’ll need to overcome obstacles that are controlled by an energetic, yet melancholic electronic soundtrack - meaning you’ll need a heightened sense of rhythm to sync up your every move and jump to the music.
6180 the Moon,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,7.5,E,Turtle Cream,Let's super high jump through the screen! 6180 the moon is a platformer game with a unique mechanic. It offers a fresh, unseen game play style by connecting the top and bottom of the screen. This allows in a mechanic with delightfully long jumps and no fear of "slipping" to death. 
7 Days to Die,Xbox One,Action,35,5.4,M,The Fun Pimps Entertainment LLC,It’s an open-world sandbox game to play alone, via splitscreen, or online, that gives you an enormous amount of freedom to choose how to survive in a post-apocalyptic world. You’re dropped into a harsh environment with almost nothing – not even clothes on your back. Through scavenging, crafting, and hunting, you’ll eventually put together the basic items you’ll need to live. You’ll have to deal with cold, heat, hunger and thirst, and there are wild animals that see you as prey. But that’s not the worst, because you’re not alone — the undead wander all around you. Slow and relatively easy to avoid by day, at night they become merciless, fast-moving killers, hungry for your flesh.
A Boy and His Blob,Xbox One,Action,66,tbd,E,Abstraction Games,Marking the 20th anniversary of this NES classic, a boy and his blob is a rebirth of this fan favorite title that expands upon the original platform adventure. This Wii exclusive is a heartwarming story of friendship that challenges players to work together with their new blob friend to solve puzzles, defeat monsters and escape danger on Earth and Blobolonia. By feeding the blob jelly beans, players can activate his special abilities to transform him into helpful tools - including a ladder, trampoline, parachute, cannon, shield and many more.  Every different blob form aids the boy as he navigates 40 side-scrolling levels filled with hidden treasures and unlockable bonus content.
A King's Tale: Final Fantasy XV,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Square Enix,NaN
Aaru's Awakening,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,0.4,E,Lumenox ehf,Defeat a chilling evil
Action Henk,Xbox One,Action,72,tbd,E,RageSquid,Action Henk is a platform-racing game set in a beautifully crafted 3D toy box world, where a cast of classic action figure inspired characters compete to once and for all prove that Action Henk is the fastest of them all. The game challenges players to shave milliseconds off their times by running, jumping and butt-sliding with 5 playable characters across over 70 challenging levels in a game which revels in almost sonic speeds.
Action News Heroes,Xbox One,Action,49,8.1,T,Krewe Studios,Obliterate your enemies with violent soul crushing attacks, earn truck loads of cash, unlock an arsenal of weapons, eat your weight in fast food, and if you die trying, activate your finest clone and try again. [Xbox.com]
Active Soccer 2 DX,Xbox One,Action,53,6.9,E,The Fox Software,Active Soccer 2 DX is a top-down arcade football game providing a fast-paced arcade experience, implementing playability and responsive easy-to-learn/hard-to-master controls. With Active Soccer 2 DX you have full control of the game, no scripted goals, no CPU-driven decisions. Active Soccer 2 DX provides a complete career mode, implementing many international leagues, cups and championships. Imagine being the manager of a 5th division English team - you have a budget and your goal is to be promoted to higher divisions, by purchasing players, creating tactics, managing the team and playing real matches. [XBox.com]
Adam's Venture: Origins,Xbox One,Adventure,48,6.2,E10+,Vertigo Games,Embark on a bold adventure in Adam’s Venture: Origins. Set in the roaring 20’s, in Adam’s Venture: Origins you will explore ancient ruins, and recover mysterious artifacts. Together with your trusted accomplice Evelyn, you will have to outsmart the evil Clairvaux company.
Adventure Time: Finn and Jake Investigations,Xbox One,Adventure,66,5.3,E10+,Vicious Cycle,Adventure Time: Finn and Jake Investigations is an all-new, real-time, fully 3D action-oriented twist on the classic story-driven graphic adventure game.  Finn and Jake decide to carry on the profession of Finn's foster parents, who were Professional Investigators.  Confronted with mysterious Land of Ooo disappearances and strange events, players will interrogate colorful inhabitants, dispatch evil doers in fast-paced combat, solve mind-bending puzzles, explore new and familiar locations, and genuinely feel as if they have stepped into their own personal episode of Adventure Time.
Adventures of Pip,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Tic Toc Games, TicToc Games,Play as the Ultimate Digital Underdog!
Agatha Christie's The ABC Murders,Xbox One,Adventure,66,7.3,NaN,Microids,The ABC Murders is an adventure and investigation game adapted from the classic Agatha Christie novel. Assume the role of the famous private detective Hercule Poirot and, once again, you find yourself up against a mysterious serial killer who goes by the name of "ABC".
AIPD - Artificial Intelligence Police Department,Xbox One,Action,70,tbd,E10+,Blazing Badger,Enter the AI arena and fight evil artificial intelligences with a variety of weapons and modifications. AIPD is a top-down coop twin-stick shooter with a visual style that is an homage to 80s neon art styles, pioneered by games like Minestorm on the Vectrex console system or feature films like TRON. 
AirMech Arena,Xbox One,Simulation,No score yet,4.4,E10+,Carbon Games,Free-To-Play Action Strategy 
Albedo: Eyes from Outer Space,Xbox One,Action Adventure,55,tbd,T,Z4g0 and Ivan Venturi Productions,You are John T. Longy, a night-watchman at JUPITER, a secret base, set in an old, partially abandoned research facility in a remote countryside location. JUPITER is the main laboratory of the OLYMPUS GROUP.
Alekhine's Gun,Xbox One,Action Adventure,33,2.5,M,Maximum Games,It is the height of the Cold War, a time of global uncertainty and civil unrest. In this stealth shooter you play Agent Alekhine, a highly skilled Russian assassin driven by a moral compass that leads you headfirst into a covert operation unsanctioned by the country you serve. Working alongside American CIA agents, your mission is clear - though how you accomplish it is anything but - as the tension of a nuclear standoff grows with each passing minute. In a world where one wrong move could be the end of you, navigating a new direction comes at a price. 
Alien: Isolation,Xbox One,Action Adventure,78,7.8,M,Creative Assembly,Alien: Isolation is a first-person survival horror game which captures the fear and tension evoked by Ridley Scott’s 1979 classic film. Players find themselves in an atmosphere of constant dread and mortal danger as an unpredictable, ruthless Xenomorph is stalking and killing deep in the shadows. Underpowered and underprepared, you must scavenge resources, improvise solutions and use your wits, not just to succeed in your mission, but to simply stay alive.
Alien: Isolation - Corporate Lockdown,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Creative Assembly,Welcome to Corporate Lockdown, the first expansion pack for Alien: Isolation. This pack features three all-new maps:for Survivor Mode, a time-based challenge to test your skills. 
Alien: Isolation - Crew Expendable,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Creative Assembly,This additional content sees the original crew reunited aboard the Nostromo. Brett and Kane are dead alongside Ash and Lambert, it is now down to you as Dallas, Parker or Ellen Ripley, to find a way to isolate the Alien and overcome the terror that confronts them.
Alien: Isolation - Last Survivor,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Creative Assembly,As Ellen Ripley, it is down to you to complete the last mission on board the Nostromo. The rest of the crew are dead. In a desperate bid to survive you must set the ships self-destruct and attempt to reach the escape shuttle.
Alien: Isolation - Lost Contact,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Creative Assembly,Welcome to Lost Contact, the fourth add-on content pack for Alien: Isolation, returning to the epic Salvage Mode.
Alien: Isolation - Safe Haven,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Creative Assembly,Welcome to Safe Haven, the third add-on content pack for Alien: Isolation, featuring the all-new Salvage Mode. How long can you survive? You've found the only safe room on Sevastopol but supplies are running out. You'll have to venture out, complete objectives and return to the safe room safely. But who's waiting for you out there? And what choices will you make to stay alive?
Alien: Isolation - The Collection,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Creative Assembly,Winner of over 50 Game Of The Year awards. Contains the full game and seven packs of additional content: - Last Survivor and Crew Expendable (featuring the original AlienTM cast) - All five Survivor mode packs, including Corporate Lockdown, Trauma, Safe Haven, Lost Contact and The Trigger Discover the true meaning of fear in Alien: Isolation, a survival horror set in an atmosphere of constant dread and mortal danger. Fifteen years after the events of Alien, Ellen Ripleys daughter, Amanda enters a desperate battle for survival, on a mission to unravel the truth behind her mother's disappearance. As Amanda, you will navigate through an increasingly volatile world as you find yourself confronted on all sides by a panicked, desperate population and an unpredictable, ruthless Alien. Underpowered and underprepared, you must scavenge resources, improvise solutions and use your wits, not just to succeed in your mission, but to simply stay alive.
Alien: Isolation - The Trigger,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Creative Assembly,Welcome to The Trigger, the fifth add-on content pack for Alien: Isolation.
Alien: Isolation - Trauma,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Creative Assembly,Welcome to Trauma, the second add-on content pack for Alien: Isolation. This pack features three all-new maps for Survivor Mode, a time-based challenge to test your skills.
Amazing Princess Sarah,Xbox One,Action,72,tbd,T,Haruneko,You are Sarah, princess of the peaceful realm of Kaleiya. The quiet life of your kingdom was lost the day your father was seduced and then kidnapped by Lilith, a demon mistress. Her only desire is to dominate your empire and kill you. Use your powerful sword to kill all Lilith's minions, then quickly throw the dead body on the next enemy to perform amazing combos! Travel through ice castles, cold dungeons, lava caves and much more - straight to the castle where Lilith hides! Bring your father and king back home!
Among the Sleep,Xbox One,Adventure,62,tbd,T,Krillbite Studio,Among The Sleep invites you into the mind and body of a two year old child. After being put to bed one evening, mysterious things start to happen. 
Anarcute,Xbox One,Action,74,tbd,E10+,Anarteam,These are dark times. A group of evil corporations has taken over the world's major cities. They've taken over the media, brainwashed the police and are now shamelessly running citizens' lives from the security of their skyscrapers. It is time to act. Assume control of the revolution to confront the terrible Brainwash Patrol who are dominating the world. [Xbox.com]
Angry Birds Star Wars,Xbox One,Strategy,53,6.9,E,Exient Entertainment,Join an epic adventure with the Angry Birds in the legendary Star Wars universe, re-mastered for gaming systems! Use the Force, wield your Lightsaber, and blast away Pigtroopers on an intergalactic journey from the deserts of Tatooine to the depths of the Pig Star! Can you become a Jedi Master and restore freedom to the galaxy?
Anima: Gate of Memories,Xbox One,Role-Playing,72,8.1,T,Anima Project,Anima Gate of Memories is a third person action RPG in which the player will explore a vast world filled with dangers and wonders. In it you take control of two characters who are trap in a war in the shadows, a secret conflict that will engulf the world into chaos.
Anode,Xbox One,Puzzle,73,tbd,E,Kittehface Software,Colored blocks fall, and they keep falling.  You rotate them, and drop them.  Faster and faster you align the pieces, creating links of matching color, filling in gaps.  You touch a block with a detonator and the entire chain explodes.  The blocks above them drop, another detonator touches, and another chain is gone.  Then another. Anode reintroduces the classic falling-block puzzle genre, with new twists and challenges!  Link blocks back and forth across each other.  Match angled couplers to create chains of multiple colors.  Earn items and use them to clear your bin.  Play Mission Mode and complete randomly-generated objectives for additional challenge.  Post your scores on leaderboards and see how you stack up. [Xbox.com]
Another World: 20th Anniversary Edition,Xbox One,Action,65,4.0,T,The Digital Lounge,Also known as Out Of This World, Another World is a pioneer action/platformer that released across more than a dozen platforms since its debut in 1991. Along the years, Another World has attained cult status among critics and sophisticated gamers alike.
APB: Reloaded,Xbox One,Massively Multiplayer Online,No score yet,4.6,M,The Workshop,In APB Reloaded you take on the role of a Criminal - hell-bent on causing havoc and making money, or an Enforcer - tapped by the city to keep order. The city never sleeps in this Massively Multi-player, Action Shooter.
Arcade Game Series 3-in-1 Pack,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Bandai Namco Games,This is a special pack consisting of 3 classic arcade games including PAC-MAN, GALAGA and DIG DUG! Get 3 games for the price of 2!
Arcade Game Series: Dig Dug,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Bandai Namco Games,Create your own maze as you tunnel fearlessly through the earth. Your goal: Reap tasty vegetables worth healthy points. Your enemies: ghosts who want to bury you alive, fierce fire-breathing dragons, and mean balloon-like bullies! Can you dig it? Here's the exciting home version of the celebrated coin-op original!
Arcade Game Series: Galaga,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Bandai Namco Games,Take control of a fighter space craft and shoot down the invading aliens. Watch out for the swooping motherships, which will try to steal your fighter. Rescue captured fighters to double your firepower. Earn Perfect Bonuses as you battle your way through wave after wave in different challenging stages.
Arcade Game Series: Ms. Pac-Man,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Bandai Namco Games,Ms. Pac-Man is here to drive you totally wild and crazy with more fun than you've ever imagined! Four feisty ghosts are chasing MS. PAC-MAN. Use your skill and strategy to rack up points while outrunning the gobbling ghosts. Grab an energy pill, and score even more points. Now gobble up all those fearless ghosts!
Arcade Game Series: Pac-Man,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Bandai Namco Games,Gobble, gobble, gulp! Who's munching Power Pellets? Who's zipping around the maze at top speed, chomping up ghosts and scoring big points? It's Pac-Man, the world's hungriest character! Devour a fruit treat and get a big bonus score. But if you're caught by the little haunters, you're ghostflakes! Use the warp tunnel for a quick escape. Hours of ghost-chomping action!
Aritana and the Harpy's Feather,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Duaik Entretenimento,Aritana is a platform game with a mechanic based on the switching of postures. These are what define the attributes of Speed, Jump, Attacks and Special Abilities. You must choose between these postures to overcome obstacles and fight the Spirits of the Forest in a fast, intuitive and fun gameplay.
Armello,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,80,8.5,E10+,League of Geeks,Armello is a swashbuckling adventure that combines RPG elements with the strategic play of card and board games, creating a personal, story-fuelled experience.
Armikrog,Xbox One,Adventure,61,tbd,E10+,Versus Evil, Pencil Test Studios,Armikrog is a point and click adventure game from indie developer studio Pencil Test.
Arslan: The Warriors of Legend,Xbox One,General,No score yet,5.8,T,Omega Force,A tactical action title based on the epic novel, manga, and anime IP The Heroic Legend of Arslan. It recounts the story of the young crown prince of Pars, Arslan, as he is forced out of his kingdom when his father, the King, is betrayed and defeated and his domain conquered. Arslan and his few companions need to re-assemble an army and fight against overwhelming odds to regain his throne and liberate his kingdom. 
Assassin's Creed Triple Pack: Black Flag, Unity, Syndicate,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,9.8,NaN,Ubisoft,Assassin's Creed 4 Black Flag:
Assassin's Creed Chronicles,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,6.8,T,Climax Studios,Follow three legendary Assassins on journeys of Revenge, Retribution and Redemption. A new saga in the Assassins Creed Universe, Assassins Creed Chronicles take players to three distinct civilizations and time periods throughout history: the start of the Ming Dynasty crumble, the Sikh Empire going at war in India and the aftermath of Red October revolution. Designed for masters of stealth who share a passion for rewriting history with games, Assassins Creed Chronicles let players embody Assassins Shao Jun, Arbaaz Mir, and Nikolai Orelov in a 2.5D reimagining of the Assassins Creed universe. Slay from the shadows, master the art of parkour, and take the leap of faith in a collection of living paintings.
Assassin's Creed Chronicles: China,Xbox One,Historic,67,5.7,T,Ubisoft, Climax Studios,16th-century China:  The newly appointed Jiajing Emperor instigates a sudden and ruthless purge of all he felt were a threat to his recently-acquired throne, including the Chinese Brotherhood of Assassins. A youthful Assassin, Shao Jun, fled to the West to complete her training under the legendary Assassin Ezio Auditore in the animated short Assassin’s Creed Embers and has returned, determined to restore the Chinese Brotherhood of Assassins. In Assassin’s Creed Chronicles: China, players come back to Shao Jun’s story as she returns to China hell-bent on retribution. Her story takes players to famous locales including the Maijishan Grottoes, Port of Macau, the Forbidden City and the Great Wall of China. Armed with stealth, agility and a combination of deadly weapons and equipment including a sharp and swift jian, a secret shoe blade, lethal rope darts and daggers, players deliver payback to those who decimated the Chinese Brotherhood of Assassins. [Ubisoft]
Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India,Xbox One,Action Adventure,64,5.4,T,Ubisoft, Climax Studios,Assassin's Creed Chronicles: India throws you into the tension between the Sikh Empire and the East India Company in 1841. When a Master Templar arrives with a mysterious item that used to belong to the Assassin Order, Arbaaz Mir must discover why he's come, steal back the item, and protect his friends and his lover.
Assassin's Creed Chronicles: Russia,Xbox One,Action Adventure,62,4.2,T,Ubisoft, Climax Studios,Assassin's Creed Chronicles: Russia occurs in Russia, 1918. Nikolai Orelov wants to leave with his family, but he is required to perform one last mission for the Assassin Order: infiltration of the house where the tsar's family is being held by the Bolsheviks and theft of an artifact that has been fought over by Assassins and Templars for centuries. Along the way, he witnesses the massacre of the tsar's children, but manages to save the princess, Anastasia. He must escape the Templars while protecting the artifact and Anastasia. [Ubisoft]
Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.4,M,Ubisoft,The year is 1715. Pirates rule the waters of the Caribbean and have established a lawless Republic. Among these outlaws is a lethal young captain named Edward Kenway. His notorious exploits earn the respect of legends like Blackbeard, but draw him into an ancient war that may destroy everything the pirates have built for themselves.
Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag - Freedom Cry,Xbox One,Action Adventure,76,7.0,M,Ubisoft Montreal,Born a slave, Adewale found freedom aboard the Jackdaw where he became Edward Kenwayâ€™s second-in-command. 15 years later, Adewale has become an Assassin who finds himself shipwrecked in Saint-Domingue without weapons or crew. He meets locals in an effort to assemble a crew & steal a ship. The more he helps, the more he is drawn into the Maroon slave community. Forced to face his past, he sets out to free the slaves & bring death to their captors. Over 3 hours of new single-player game play!
Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag - Illustrious Pirates Pack,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Ubisoft,Explore new locations and discover the secrets of the Black island, Mystery Island and Sacrifice Island to find hidden treasure chest to get access to new outfits and weapons for Edward, and figureheads and sails for you ship, the Jackdaw. Stand out in multiplayer with new and exclusive costume sets, pictures, titles, relics and emblems!
Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag - Multiplayer Characters Pack 1 Blackbeards Wrath,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Ubisoft,Ready for another sea-worthy challenge? This pack contains three new fearsome contenders who will keep you on your toes: The Jaguar, a good and mighty Aztec Templar Blackbeard, the most feared pirate of the seven seas The Orchid, the stone-hearted pirate queen. Test your abilities by engaging in countless battles against these cold-blooded champions.
Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag - Multiplayer Characters Pack 2 Guild of Rogues,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Ubisoft,The chaos ensues as three new fearless adventurers ready themselves for the challenge. Test your skill and wisdom against: The Powder Monkey, the mischievous, talkative spy The Shaman, the crafty houngan asogwe (high priest) The Mermaid, a Templar navigational expert who gave her heart to the sea. This pack also comes with new customization options, and new moves.
Assassin's Creed Syndicate,Xbox One,Historic,78,6.1,M,Ubisoft Quebec,1868 London. The Industrial Revolution. An age of invention and wealth, built on the backs of the working class. As gangster killer Jacob Frye, you recruit a gang to fight for justice on behalf of the oppressed working class. Lead the underworld to reclaim London in an adventure filled with action, intrigue and brutal combat. With Jacob as the leader, players can establish UK's fiercest gang, the only force that can challenge the elite and defeat rival gangs to bring freedom to the oppressed folks. Enemy strongholds can be infiltrated by using an arsenal to dominate London’s underworld. From robbing trains to rescuing child workers, players will do everything they can to bring justice to London’s lawless streets. [Ubisoft]
Assassin's Creed Syndicate - A Long Night Mission,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Ubisoft Quebec,Bob, the apprentice train driver, is out on a lark when he falls afoul of some rough characters. Jacob needs to track him down and do his best to corral the tipsy Bob (who would much rather sing) and bring him back to the hideout in a fast-paced, wild and dangerous ride.
Assassin's Creed Syndicate: Jack the Ripper,Xbox One,Action Adventure,77,6.5,M,Ubisoft Quebec,20 years after the events of Assassin’s Creed Syndicate, 'JACK THE RIPPER' has embarked on a brutal reign of terror that shocks London to its core and threatens the very existence of the Brotherhood of Assassins.
Assassin's Creed Syndicate: Runaway Train,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Ubisoft Quebec,As a runaway train thunders through London at top speed, you must find and fix the train's critical flaws before you run out of time - or railway tracks.As a runaway train thunders through London at top speed, you must find and fix the train's critical flaws before you run out of time - or railway tracks.
Assassin's Creed Syndicate: Steampunk Pack,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Ubisoft Quebec,Give your arsenal a steam-powered twist with a new set of items concocted by the most innovative and unusual minds of the Industrial Revolution. This Animus hack contains a collection of high-level clockwork marvels: an outfit for Jacob, three weapons and two pieces of gear.
Assassin's Creed Syndicate: The Darwin And Dickens Conspiracy,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Ubisoft Quebec,Embark on two pulse-quickening missions that will take you into the inner sanctums of Londons most influential men. Defend Charles Darwins discoveries from those who would kill to silence him. And help a friend of legendary writer Charles Dickens keep a secret that could get him killed.
Assassin's Creed Syndicate: The Last Maharaja,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.3,NaN,Ubisoft Quebec,The new missions see Jacob and Evie Frye joining Duleep Singh as he fights to reclaim his birthright as the last Maharaja, hence the entirely apt name of the DLC. In his quest to win back his heritage, Duleep and the Frye twins will battle against the Templars, and test his friendship with the queen.
Assassin's Creed Syndicate: Victorian Legends Pack,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Ubisoft Quebec,The Victorian Legends pack pays tribute to some of the most famous novels of the Victorian era. Underwater adventures, vampires and man-made monsters come to life as state-of-the-art weapons and gear that's sure to give Jacob & Evie a stylish edge over the Templars. This Animus trickery contains an outfit for Evie, three weapons and two pieces of gear.
Assassin's Creed Unity,Xbox One,Action Adventure,72,4.0,M,Ubisoft, Ubisoft Montreal,1789. Paris - France. The French Revolution turns a once-magnificent city into a house of terror and chaos. Its cobblestone streets run rouge with the blood of commoners who dared to challenge the oppressive aristocracy. As the country comes apart at the bloody seams, a young man named Arno heads out on an unprecedented journey to expose the real powers underpinning the Revolution. His quest injects him into the heart of a ruthless struggle for the fate of a nation, and transforms him into a legitimate Master Assassin. From the siege on the Bastille to the killing of King Louis XVI, feel the reality of the French Revolution as never before, and assist the people of France carve a new destiny.
Assassin's Creed Unity - American Prisoner Mission,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Ubisoft Montreal,Get the additional "American Prisoner" single-player mission. Rescue philosopher Thomas Paine from a makeshift prison and retrieve his manuscripts on the Rights of Man.
Assassin's Creed Unity - Chemical Revolution Mission,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Ubisoft Montreal,Get the additional "Chemical Revolution" single-player mission. Help Lavoisier, considered to be the "Father of Modern Chemistry", to escape from his kidnappers and recover his poison bomb formula.
Assassin's Creed Unity - Killed by Science Mission,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Ubisoft Montreal,A dead man has been found near the Palais Royal; it's up to you to solve the mystery.
Assassin's Creed Unity: Dead Kings,Xbox One,Action Adventure,64,5.3,M,Ubisoft, Ubisoft Montreal,Following the incidents of Assassin’s Creed Unity, Arno’s quest for redemption leads him to the town of Saint Denis, then known as Franciade. There he is dispatched on a mission that takes him to the bowels of the city, an intricate network of catacombs and deep caves that hold the remains and best-kept secrets of past French kings. To unearth the dark mysteries that lie beneath the Basilica, Arno is equipped with a lantern to guide his way and will gain access to the Guillotine Gun, a powerful weapon made for both long-range destruction and deadly close-quarter combat.
Assassin's Creed Unity: Revolutionary Armaments Pack,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Ubisoft Montreal,This exciting weapons pack includes 6 never before seen weapons to arm your master assassin!
Assassin's Creed Unity: Secrets of the Revolution,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Ubisoft, Ubisoft Montreal,Discover the Secrets of the French Revolution with this robust pack of 3 Missions, 9 weapons and 5 pieces of gear.
Assassin's Creed Unity: Underground Armory Pack,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Ubisoft Montreal,Arm and Protect your assassin with the Underground Armory Pack.  Includes, 2 pieces of gear, 5 weapons and 2 outfits.
Assassin's Creed: The Ezio Collection,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,NaN,M,Ubisoft Montreal,Make history as the legendary Master Assassin, Ezio Auditore da Firenze, in Assassin's Creed: The Ezio Collection, which includes the acclaimed single-player campaigns and single-player add-on content from Assassin's Creed II, Assassin's Creed: Brotherhood, and Assassin's Creed: Revelations with enhanced graphics for Xbox One and PlayStation4 system.
Assetto Corsa,Xbox One,Racing,64,6.7,E,Kunos Simulazioni,Assetto Corsa is designed to provide a very realistic driving experience, with single player and multiplayer options, officially licensed cars and tracks developed using Laser scan technology, and the highest level of accuracy possible in reproducing real world motor racing environments. Also, Assetto Corsa allows for considerable customisation and modification, in order to satisfy the expectations of professional simracers, gamers who prefer to approach the driving experience more progressively, and hobbyists who just like to collect lots of cars and tracks.
Atari Flashback Classics: Volume 1,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,NaN,E,Atari,Relive the golden age of video games. Combat, Centipede, Swordquest, Star Raiders, and more. Atari Flashback Classics morphs the iconic games of yesteryear to the consoles of today with all new features, including online multiplayer, leaderboards and more.
Atari Flashback Classics: Volume 2,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,NaN,E,Atari,Asteroids, Haunted House, Adventure, Major Havoc, and more.
Attack on Titan,Xbox One,Action,77,6.3,M,Omega Force,Also known as "Attack on Titan: Wings of Freedom". Fight on a violent battlefield in which the game changes from moment to moment. Utilizing the "Omni-directional mobility gear" created specifically for battle with Titans allows you to fly freely across and above the battlefield. It's incumbent upon the Scout Regiment, to which Eren belongs, to travel beyond the Wall and expand the territories of mankind.
ATV Renegades,Xbox One,Racing,No score yet,NaN,E,Nighthawk Interactive,NaN
Awesomenauts Assemble!,Xbox One,Strategy,81,tbd,T,DTP Entertainment, Abstraction Games,The game features the most awesome mercenaries in the galaxy in their fight for territorial supremacy. Awesomenauts brings Russian monkeys with jetpacks, giant robots, and lots of other mighty aliens to the two-dimensional console battlefield. Combining classic platforming-action with modern online multiplayer functionality, the action-packed gameplay offers everything the 16-bit generation and modern gamers love.
Axiom Verge,Xbox One,Action Adventure,85,tbd,T,Tom Happ,Life. Afterlife. Real. Virtual. Dream. Nightmare. It's a thin line.
Azkend 2: The World Beneath,Xbox One,Puzzle,67,tbd,E,10tons Ltd, 10tons,While traveling from Liverpool to New York your ship was pulled down into a massive maelstrom and you woke up in a place that may have never been gazed upon by the eyes of men. From now on your goal is to ascend from the bowels of the earth and return to civilization.
Back to the Future: The Game,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,7.3,T,Telltale Games,Marty McFly and Doc Brown return in a completely new adventure! Six months after the events of the third film, the DeLorean Time Machine mysteriously returns to Hill Valley - driverless! Marty must go back in time and get aid from a resistant teenage Emmett Brown to save the Doc he knows from certain death! Featuring original cast member voices, original music and story input by trilogy writer and producer Bob Gale, this is the adventure fans have been waiting for!
BADLAND: Game of the Year Edition,Xbox One,Action,69,5.5,E,Frogmind,BADLAND is a side-scrolling action adventure with physics-based gameplay and atmospheric graphics and audio. Players control a flying creature, Clony, and try to survive through an astonishing number of imaginative and deadly traps, puzzles and obstacles within a dense, beautiful forest. One of the key gameplay mechanics is cloning, where you end up controlling dozens of Clones at the same time.
Baila Latino,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Oxygene,A fun dance game for all your family and friends!
Bard's Gold,Xbox One,Action,63,tbd,E,Erdem Sen,Bard’s Gold is slower-paced than most modern platformers and takes its gameplay inspiration from late ’80s and early ’90s classics such as Rick Dangerous, Alex Kidd in Miracle World, Rainbow Islands, Wonder Boy in Monster World, Erik, and Rodland. It features an original soundtrack that perfectly frames the atmosphere, soothes your soul and fills you with confidence as you overcome levels you once thought were unbeatable.
Baseball Riot,Xbox One,Puzzle,62,tbd,E10+,10tons Ltd, 10tons,Baseball Riot is a humorous physics based puzzle game. The player, as the baseball star Gabe Carpaccio, must travel through the US and clear more than 100 levels bristling with Explodz energy drink crazed villains. The gameplay is easy to pick up and play; the player simply lines up a shot, swings the bat and sees the ball knock out obnoxious fans, leery catchers, biased umpires and more. The player must bounce the ball of walls and obstacles to get the goons lurking behind cover.
Batman: Arkham Knight,Xbox One,General,85,6.6,M,Rocksteady Studios,Batman confronts the ultimate threat against the city he has been sworn to protect. The Scarecrow returns to congeal an imposing array of super villains, including The Penguin, Two-Face and Harley Quinn, to summarily destroy The Dark Knight. The game introduces Rocksteady's uniquely-designed imagining of the Batmobile drivable for the first time in the franchise. Batman: Arkham Knight offers gamers a complete Batman experience as they rip through the streets and soar across the skyline of the iconic Gotham City.
Batman: Arkham Knight - A Flip of a Coin,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,5.5,M,Rocksteady Studios,Play as Batmans famous sidekick Robin, as he seeks to take down Two Face upon discovering his money laundering operation. Includes 2 AR challenge maps.
Batman: Arkham Knight - A Matter of Family,Xbox One,Action Adventure,62,5.2,M,WB Games Montreal,When The Joker kidnaps Commissioner Gordon and holds him hostage at the Seagate Amusement Park, Batgirl and Robin will fight against the odds to save him and avoid falling prey to The Joker’s sinister plan. Trained by Batman, Batgirl’s combat combines with unrivaled hacking abilities to defeat enemies, control objects and solve puzzles. 
Batman: Arkham Knight - Catwoman's Revenge,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,6.2,M,Rocksteady Studios, WB Games Montreal,Set after the events of Arkham Knight, prowl the night as Catwoman as she seeks her revenge on the Riddler with this story pack.
Batman: Arkham Knight - Crime Fighter Challenge Pack 1,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Rocksteady Studios,Grab this Crime Fighter Challenge Pack and receive 6 AR challenges for Batman, Nightwing, Robin and Catwoman. This expansive challenge pack allows focused training in Freeflow Combat and Invisible Predator stealth incursion.
Batman: Arkham Knight - Crime Fighter Challenge Pack 2,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Rocksteady Studios,Grab this Crime Fighter Challenge Pack and receive various challenge maps for Batman, Nightwing, Robin, Catwoman and the Batmobile. This expansive challenge pack allows focused training in Freeflow Combat and Invisible Predator stealth incursion.
Batman: Arkham Knight - Crime Fighter Challenge Pack 3,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Rocksteady Studios,Get this Crime Fighter Challenge Pack to receive various combat and predator maps featuring Batman, Nightwing, Robin, and the Batmobile. This expansive challenge pack allows focused training in Freeflow Combat and Invisible Predator stealth incursion.
Batman: Arkham Knight - Crime Fighter Challenge Pack 4,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Rocksteady Studios,Get this Crime Fighter Challenge Pack to receive various challenge and predator maps featuring Batman, Nightwing, Robin, Catwoman and Azrael. This expansive challenge pack allows focused training in Freeflow Combat and Invisible Predator stealth incursion.
Batman: Arkham Knight - Crime Fighter Challenge Pack 5,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Rocksteady Studios,Get this Crime Fighter Challenge Pack to receive various combat and predator maps featuring Batman, the Batmobile, Nightwing, Azrael, and Harley Quinn. This expansive challenge pack allows focused training in Freeflow Combat and Invisible Predator stealth incursion.
Batman: Arkham Knight - GCPD Lockdown,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,4.4,M,WB Games Montreal,Set after the events of Arkham Knight, play as Nightwing to stop the Penguin from breaking out of the Gotham City Police Department in this thrilling story pack.
Batman: Arkham Knight - Harley Quinn Story Pack,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,6.0,M,Rocksteady Studios,For the first time in the Arkham series take on the role of Jokers psychotic side-kick Harley Quinn and wreak havoc inside the Bluedhaven Police Department as you smash, crash and bash your way to a friend very much in need. With this exclusive Story Pack experience events in the lead-up to Arkham Knight as you infiltrate Bluedhaven to rescue your partner in crime: Poison Ivy. Baseball bat in hand, lure unsuspecting enemies with the Jack-in-the-box, entangle them with your Snare Trap, or unleash Mayhem Mode to savor Harleys devastatingly chaotic nature first-hand.
Batman: Arkham Knight - Red Hood Story Pack,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,6.0,M,Rocksteady Studios,Get the Red Hood Story Pack and wage a one-man war against the notorious Black Mask. For the first time in the Arkham series, take on the role of the ruthless vigilante Red Hood and utilize new moves, gadgets and dual handguns as you attempt to bring down a vast criminal empire. Inspired by events from the comics, experience unique combat situations and bring a new kind of fear to your enemies as you fight towards an epic showdown with Gothams most infamous crime lord.
Batman: Arkham Knight - Season of Infamy: Most Wanted,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.5,M,Rocksteady Studios,Play as Batman with the Season of Infamy: Most Wanted Expansion, featuring legendary super-villains invading Gotham City. In these story missions, The Dark Knight faces the most dangerous super criminals as chaos continues to erupt in the streets of Gotham. This pack includes 4 separate missions with all new story arcs featuring Ras Al Ghul, The Mad Hatter, Killer Croc and Mr. Freeze.
Batman: Arkham Knight - WayneTech Track Pack,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Rocksteady Studios,Test your skills behind the wheel with these two cutting edge WayneTech themed racetracks.
Batman: Return to Arkham,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,78,7.3,T,Rocksteady Studios, Virtuos,Return to Arkham and experience two critically acclaimed titles from the last generation - Batman: Arkham Asylum and Batman: Arkham City, with fully remastered and updated visuals. Batman: Return to Arkham includes the comprehensive versions of both games and includes all previously released additional content. Batman: Arkham Asylum exposes players to a dark and atmospheric adventure that takes them into the depths of Arkham Asylum -Gotham City's high security psychiatric hospital for the criminally insane. Use Batman's legendary gadgetry, strike from the shadows, and confront The Joker and Gotham City's most notorious super villains. Batman: Arkham City sends players soaring into Arkham City - a heavily fortified sprawling district in the heart of Gotham City. Batman Arkham City introduces a brand-new story that draws together an all-star cast of classic characters and murderous villains from the Batman universe. 
Batman: The Telltale Series,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,4.5,M,Telltale Games,Enter the fractured psyche of Bruce Wayne and discover the powerful and far-reaching consequences of your choices as the Dark Knight. In this gritty and violent new story from the creators of The Walking Dead – A Telltale Games Series, you'll make discoveries that will shatter Bruce Wayne's world, and the already fragile stability of a corrupt Gotham City. Decide the fate of Gotham City. Determine the fate of Bruce Wayne and his dark persona, Batman. Your choices write a new chapter in the complex and dangerous lives of the playboy industrialist and the vigilante detective. [Telltale]
Batman: The Telltale Series - Episode 1: Realm of Shadows,Xbox One,Adventure,65,6.8,M,Telltale Games,Rendered to look like a living, breathing comic book, Telltale's vision of Batman featureS a cast of talent including Troy Baker in the role of Bruce Wayne, Travis Willingham as Harvey Dent, Erin Yvette as Vicki Vale, Enn Reitel as Alfred Pennyworth, Murphy Guyer as Lieutenant James Gordon, Richard McGonagle as Carmine Falcone, and Laura Bailey as Selina Kyle. [Telltale]
Batman: The Telltale Series - Episode 2: Children of Arkham,Xbox One,Adventure,83,7.9,M,Telltale Games,NaN
Batman: The Telltale Series - Episode 3: New World Order,Xbox One,Adventure,72,8.4,NaN,Telltale Games,Penguin's brutal attack broadcast on live TV has left Gotham City reeling. As Bruce and Batman, you'll dig deeper into the web of intrigue surrounding the newly revealed Children of Arkham. Meanwhile, behind closed doors, the mysterious Selina Kyle reveals more of herself to Bruce. And in the aftermath of the attack, Bruce’s friend and Gotham’s new mayor, Harvey Dent, is a deeply changed man. Who can be trusted when the future of Bruce Wayne - and the Batman - could be determined by the flip of a coin?
Battle Ages,Xbox One,Strategy,No score yet,3.2,E10+,DR Studios,Storm through history and conquer your enemies in this combat strategy game. Progress from the dawn of mankind, build your civilisation, and lead it through thousands of years of advancement from the discovery of fire to the invention of the telegraph in exciting PvP combat of epic proportions. Use your workers to build cutting edge industry, build and upgrade your defenses and employ great scientific minds of the era to research fantastic weapons of each distinct age. Train your military and send armies out to lay waste to nearby settlements and steal their stashed riches. Join the race through time and fight to be the most powerful leader in history.
Battle High 2 A+,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Mattrified,The sequel to Battle High: Elemental Revolt, this thrilling fighter introduces 5 new characters, new music and stages, new challenges, and awesome voice-acting! Play as one of 12 fierce students (and one secretive faculty member) as they face-off in the tough halls of San Bruno High for the Elementally Advanced and discover the secret behind the mysterious illness stripping students of their powers!
Battle Islands,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,DR Studios,Its time for battle
Battle Worlds: Kronos,Xbox One,Strategy,65,tbd,E10+,KING Art,Battle Worlds: Kronos is a turn-based strategy game that stays true to its hexagonal-roots, inspired by classics like Battle Isle. The planet is once again torn by war, for the succession of a new emperor. Its destiny is in your hands.
Battleborn,Xbox One,Sci-Fi,71,7.2,T,Gearbox Software,Battleborn is a next-gen hero-shooter brought to you by the creators of the award-winning and best-selling Borderlands franchise. In Battleborn’s distant future, the only hope for the last star in a dying universe is a new breed of warriors, who must put aside their differences to drive back an unstoppable menace. Choose from a myriad of powerful heroes and fight together alongside your friends in an intense co-operative campaign, or battle against them in fast-paced competitive multiplayer matches.
Battleborn - Attikus and the Thrall Rebellion,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Gearbox Software,A born leader arisen from within the ranks of the lowborn Jennerit Thralls, Attikus was forever changed when his Imperium overseers implanted shard-powered tech throughout his body. He now fights to overthrow Rendain, beat back the Varelsi, and save his people. 
Battlefield 1,Xbox One,Action,88,8.2,M,EA DICE,Intuitive destruction and dynamic weather ensure that no battle is ever the same. For even more gameplay possibilities, carve a path through walls and buildings, take down your enemies in creative ways, and leave your mark on the terrain around you through intuitive destruction. Through your actions, the pristine world around you change into a battle-scarred landscape, changing the world forever. With dynamic weather you will need to adapt your tactics to weather changes as the elements play a part in the battle. Playing the same map on a bright day, in heavy fog, or rain will impact what you see and hear, forcing you to adapt your play style on an ever-changing battlefield. Operations introduces a new way to play multiplayer. In Battlefield 1 you play a series of interconnected battles across multiple fronts. Play a sequence of battles where your actions have consequences beyond a single match, as you try to conquer territory or push back your attackers. At those times when you feel all is lost, call in the Behemoths - the largest fully player-controlled vehicles ever seen in Battlefield. Roam the battlefield and rain fire on your enemy to break their defenses. All-out war never felt so epic. Take control of the Armored Train, Air Ship, or the Battleship to dominate the battlefield across land, air, and sea. [Electronic Arts]
Battlefield 4,Xbox One,Action,81,6.6,M,EA DICE,Battlefield 4 is a first-person shooter that aims for unrivaled destruction. Fueled by Frostbite 3, Battlefield 4 allows you to demolish the buildings shielding your enemy. You will lead an assault from the back of a gun boat. Battlefield grants you the freedom to do more and be more while playing to your strengths and carving your own path to victory. Beyond its hallmark multiplayer, Battlefield 4 features an intense, dramatic character-driven campaign that starts with the evacuation of American VIPs from Shanghai and follows your squad's struggle to find its way home. Change the landscape in real-time with interactive environments that react to your every move. Dominate land, air and sea with all-new, intense water-based vehicular combat.
Battlefield 4: China Rising,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,5.8,NaN,NaN,The battle continues on the Chinese mainland with the release of Battlefield 4 China Rising. All-new maps, vehicles, gadgets, and a new game mode await you in this thrilling expansion.
Battlefield 4: Community Operations,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,EA DICE,As the war rages on in South-East Asia, an Indonesian faction of scientists have secretly been working on a human virus, tested on monkeys for use in warfare. It didn't go according to plan and the monkeys managed to outsmart their captors, escaped the facility, and wreaked havoc in the nearby valley. The incident got picked up by military intelligence from both factions who is now sending in forces to seize the research. Enter the dense jungle to battle for supremacy in a valley with a medical research facility, an ancient temple, and a lush waterfall. The valley is infantry focused with limited access making the use of agile vehicles, such as RHIBs on the river and quad bikes for fast transportation, critical for success. Throughout the development of the map Operation Outbreak, Battlefield 4 players have helped shape its final form by providing feedback, suggestions, and voted in critical developmental polls. Are you ready to draw first blood in the jungle?
Battlefield 4: Dragon's Teeth,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,5.8,M,EA DICE,Dragon’s Teeth sees five new weapons making their Battlefield debut in addition to a new unlockable gadget, the Ballistic shield. Dragon’s Teeth also introduces a new game mode, Chain Link, a twist on the fan-favorite Conquest mode that sees squads battle to link capture points in order to achieve victory. Fans will also get ten new assignments with unique unlocks and a new Battle pickup in the R.A.W.R., a remote controlled ground vehicle armed to the teeth.
Battlefield 4: Final Stand,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,EA DICE,Final Stand is part of BF4 Premium
Battlefield 4: Legacy Operations,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,EA DICE,Battlefield 4 Legacy Operations includes Dragon Valley 2015, a classic map reimagined both visually and with new gameplay features. The battle of Dragon Valley 2015 takes place in an idyllic valley where ancient legends tell of a yellow dragon that helped a king channel flood waters into the sea. Its a huge vehicle focused map with eight capture points in Conquest, making it one of the biggest maps in Battlefield 4. This updated version includes use of more foliage, fitting terrain, increased elevation with higher peaks, cloud layers, and destructible buildings. Use tactical destruction to cut off attack lines by destroying bridges, or repair them to your advantage. For infantry players, the Team Death Match game mode includes a dockyard area in the north point of Dragon Valley 2015 that been redesigned with inspiration from the Battlefield 3 fan-favorite map, Noshahr Canals, to offer intense close-quarter combat.
Battlefield 4: Naval Strike,Xbox One,Action,61,6.2,M,EA DICE,Battlefield 4 Naval Strike takes the water-based combat introduced in Battlefield 4 to the next level with a new amphibious vehicle and four all-new maps set in the South China Sea.
Battlefield 4: Night Operations,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,EA DICE,Battlefield 4 Night Operations brings more tactical gameplay as the combat goes into the dark. The battle on the grounds of the old Russian tank factory in the map Zavod 311 continues all day without any victor. As the day turns into night the Graveyard Shift begins with a new set of fresh soldiers picking up the battle. When the map is shrouded in darkness the gameplay shift and provides a tactical advantage to the players that utilize scopes for night vision and thermal imaging or use gadgets that reveal the enemy position when the visibility is impaired. Light is more important and using flares or flashlights might increase your vision, but beware that your enemies will spot you easier. Or utilize tactical destruction of light sources such as lamps to cloak the area in even greater darkness.
Battlefield 4: Premium Edition,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,7.4,M,EA DICE,Own more, be more with the Battlefield 4 Premium Edition! This is the ultimate Battlefield 4 experience that delivers unrivaled team-based multiplayer, dynamic destructible environments and epic vehicular combat. Battlefield 4 Premium Edition is the ultimate all-out war collection that includes the Battlefield 4 game plus Battlefield 4 Premium membership that gives you five themed digital expansion packs with tons of new multiplayer content, including 20 new maps, new game modes, and plenty of new weapons and vehicles. The collection adds even more diversity, ranging from dramatic amphibious action in Naval Strike and battles across the majestic levels of China Rising to infantry focused urban combat in Dragons Teeth and experimental high-tech warfare in the blissful artic landscape of Final Stand. Plus four fan-favorite maps from Battlefield 3 remade in Second Assault.
Battlefield 4: Second Assault,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,5.2,M,Dice,Battlefield 4 Second Assault features four of the most fan-favorite maps from Battlefield 3: Operation Metro, Caspian Border, Gulf of Oman, and Operation Firestorm - reimagined with Frostbite 3 graphics and Battlefield 4 gameplay.
Battlefield Hardline,Xbox One,Modern,71,5.1,M,Visceral Games,Run your crew as detective Nick Mendoza in an episodic crime drama single player campaign or as cops and criminals in rapid Battlefield multi-player. You will be on one side of the thin blue line or the other. Assume control using new tactics to gather intelligence, obtain warrants and takedown with non-lethal force to effectuate the arrests. Take the cash in a new battlefield playground. New maps and gadgets alter the way you play the game. Utilize grappling hooks and zip-lines to scale city buildings and fly across the city with the cheddar. No matter the strategy, teamwork is key to winning the turf war. Sate your need for speed in  new action-packed modes. Hop in exotic muscle cars, sleek crotch rockets or even give your whole crew a lift in transports or armored trucks.
Battlefield Hardline: Criminal Activity,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Visceral Games,Make a name for yourself in four fast-paced new maps - Code Blue, Backwoods, The Beat and Black Friday - littered with small-time robberies and stick-ups.
Battlefield Hardline: Getaway,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Visceral Games,Once you have the loot, you need to get away with it.
Battlefield Hardline: Robbery,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Visceral Games,Battlefield Hardline Robbery is the 2nd of four expansion packs included in Battlefield  Hardline Premium.
Battleship,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,65,7.6,E10+,Frima Studio,NaN
Beach Buggy Racing,Xbox One,Action,65,6.7,E,Vector Unit,Beach Buggy is back with an explosive sequel! Drive into an action-packed, surprise-filled world of off-road kart racing mayhem. Race against a field of rival drivers, each with unique personalities and special abilities. Build a collection of crazy powerups, like Dodgeball Frenzy, Fireball, and Oil Slick. Unlock and upgrade a variety of cars, from dune buggies to monster trucks. Test your skills in 6 different game modes on 15 imaginative 3D race tracks, against a pack of tropical-loving rivals with a serious case of road rage!
Beatbuddy: Tale of the Guardians,Xbox One,Action,67,tbd,E,Threaks,Beatbuddy is a musical action-adventure where players take control of the eponymous Beatbuddy and navigate him through a unique musical world where each level is a song. Music, rhythm and interaction with the elements of a particular tune take center-stage, as you explore, overcome obstacles and solve puzzles. It all boils down to playing music in an entirely new way!
Beatsplosion for Kinect,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Virtual Air Guitar Company,Step through Kinect into the crazy world of subatomic particles. Move to the beat of the music, punch your way through quarks and neutrinos, and smash everything into smithereens.
Bedlam,Xbox One,Action,59,tbd,M,RedBedlam,Bedlam is a unique FPS game based on a novel of the same name by cult Scottish author Christopher Brookmyre.
Ben-Hur,Xbox One,Racing,No score yet,1.0,T,Krome Studios, Float Hybrid Entertainment,Created to launch in conjunction with the film of the same name, Ben-Hur asks you to brave the twists of an ancient Roman arena and battle deadly charioteers for your life and the freedom of your family.
Beyond Eyes,Xbox One,Action Adventure,60,5.7,E,tiger & squid,Beyond eyes shows you the imaginative world of Rae,  a  10 year-old girl, as she ventures outside her familiar surroundings in search of a fat cat named Nani. Rae isn't like most other girls. She lost her eyesight in an accident with fireworks when she was just a toddler and the experience left her traumatized. Fearing loud noises and public places, she hardly ever leaves her house, preferring to spend her free time in her special garden where everything smells pleasant and all is nice. Some people might feel sorry for Rae, being as isolated as she is, but Rae herself is perfectly content with her life especially after befriending a gorgeous full-figured stray feline she names Nani. When Nani goes missing Rae finally gains the courage to go outside for the first time on an wonderful and life changing journey to find her missing friend. The world outside is frightening and unfamiliar but, with the guidance of the player, Rae learns to overcome her fears and finds beauty and possible new friends outside of her golden cage. 
Big Buck Hunter Arcade,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Maximum Games,NaN
Bike Mayhem 2,Xbox One,Sports,61,tbd,E,Goldmark Studios,Smash down trails, launch huge jumps, pull off insane tricks, win tons of gear, build trails and challenge your friends to be the King of the Mountain.
Binaries,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Ground Shatter Ltd.,Test your skills and reflexes as you simultaneously guide two lovable (may not be lovable) balls through over 100 controller-smashingly (may not even be a word) tough platform challenges. Control both balls at exactly the same time as you try to avoid the death and danger that awaits their every move. Oh, and there are jokes. (May not be funny.)
BioShock: The Collection,Xbox One,Action,85,8.4,M,2K Games,Return to the cities of Rapture and Columbia and experience the BioShock franchise like never before, remastered in 1080p. BioShock: The Collection contains all single-player content from BioShock, BioShock 2, and BioShock Infinite, all single-player add-on content, the “Columbia’s Finest” pack, and Director’s Commentary: Imagining BioShock, featuring Ken Levine and Shawn Robertson.
Bladestorm: Nightmare,Xbox One,Action,48,7.1,T,Omega Force,Bladestorm signifies a break from the tradition of basing games on Japanese and Chinese history by being set within the Hundred Years' War. This infamous European conflict between the English and French provides the setting in which hundreds upon hundreds of soldiers clash on the battlefield. The successful completion of missions depends on a myriad of elements that put the player’s scraping abilities, strategy, tactical and leadership skills to the test. The Mercenary does not hit the field alone, but as the commander of an army unit chosen to fit each individual situation as some missions are better fought with foot soldiers, others with lances, archers, light cavalry, or a combination of melee, ranged and mounted units. 
Blast 'Em Bunnies,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Nnooo,Defend your burrow from a horde of evil bunnies before they take you down! Pick them off using your carrot rifle, pelt their furry hides with your watermelon pip machine gun or wreak havoc with your runner bean laser. Want to destroy as many of their colony as possible? Your turnip mortar will do maximum splash damage. These crafty cottontails come in all shapes and sizes. Some of them can even fly, so you'll need every weapon in your armory to deal with this barbarous band of bitter bunnies. How they became evil, where they came from and who taught them to fly remains a mystery. But there's no time to ponder these rabbit riddles, just grab your favorite weapon and...Blast 'Em Bunnies!
Blast Brawl 2,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Mind's Eye Games,A fast-paced fighting game where any hit means DEATH! Battle your friends as a vastly diverse selection of characters, experiencing intense combat where every blow earns a kill, and skill reigns supreme. And what's victory without a little dance?
BlazBlue: Chrono Phantasma Extend,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,6.3,T,Arc System Works,The most definitive installment of the renouned 2D fighting game franchise, BlazBlue, can finally be taken into your living room. Uncover the secrets, of the Chrono Phantasma Extend.
Blood Bowl 2,Xbox One,Sports,70,8.1,T,Cyanide,Blood Bowl II mashes Warhammer and football together, in an explosive cocktail of turn-based strategy, humor and brutality, adapted from Games Workshop’s board game. 
Blue Estate,Xbox One,Action,51,7.5,M,HeSaw,Blue Estate is a darkly funny on-rails shooter. Designed from the ground up to exploit the gyroscopic features of the new PS4 controller, and Kinect moves sensor on Xbox One, Blue Estate offers slick wit and punishing violence through an intuitive control system, all set in a technicolor mob world.
Blue Rider,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Ravegan,Hop in and join the explosive action of this shoot-em-up! The perfect adventure that players who enjoy a good challenge were waiting for. Face the most challenging robot bosses you could possibly imagine as you travel across rich and diverse landscapes, and try to keep up with this insane bullet hell.
Blues and Bullets - Episode 1: The End of Peace,Xbox One,Action Adventure,70,5.4,M,A Crowd of Monsters,Blues and Bullets is a dark and violent crime thriller. Set in an alternative Eliot Ness & Al Capone story, Blues and Bullets blends a stunning script with detective work to deliver an amazing interactive experience.
Blues and Bullets - Episode 2: Shaking The Hive,Xbox One,Action Adventure,74,4.5,NaN,A Crowd of Monsters,Eliot Ness, the former leader of the legendary Untouchables, wished only to spend the rest of his days working in his diner, not dwelling too much on the cesspit of corruption his city, Santa Esperanza, had degenerated into.
Boggle,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Frima Studio,So you think youre fast at finding words? Prove it! Challenge yourself or up to 3 friends online in a refreshed, updated Boggle experience. Theres still the same Boggle you like. You can also play with a suite of different variants and house rules to really shake things up! Search fast and act faster its an all-new way to play Boggle!
Boom Ball for Kinect,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,7.5,E,Virtual Air Guitar Company,Boom Ball is a full-body Kinect game that mixes tennis, breakout and gratuitous explosions. Throw and bounce balls to smash all the cubes and blow up all the bombs in 55 different levels.
Borderlands 2,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,7.3,M,Gearbox Software,Borderlands 2 furthers the distinct blending of First Person Shooter and Role Playing genres to create the true evolution of the Role Playing Shooter. Team up with up to three other players for four-player online goodness or go old-school with two-player split-screen couch sharing mayhem as you spend hours leveling up your character and equipping them with one of the millions of badass weapons. Borderlands 2 features a new visually stunning array of procedurally generated guns, shields, grenades, artifacts, enemies and more. Choose one of the four new character classes to be taken through a carefully crafted and connected story to all new and surprising environments across the living planet of Pandora. Make new friends, arm them to the teeth and fight alongside them on your relentless quest for revenge and redemption.
Borderlands: The Handsome Collection,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,80,7.8,M,Gearbox Software,Borderlands: The Handsome Collection includes the definitive versions of both Borderlands 2 and Borderlands: The Pre-Sequel, built specifically for next-gen consoles.
Breach & Clear: Deadline,Xbox One,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,M,Mighty Rabbit Studios,A deadly new breed of human monster is on the rise, and its up to players to stop the infestation before it spreads. Breach & Clear: DEADline is the all-new follow up to Breach & Clear, the critically acclaimed hybrid tactical strategy game. The game gives players real-time control over a squad of four elite Special Forces tasked with tracking down information on the source of the infestation.
Brick Breaker,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Sanuk Games,Brick Breaker, the classic arcade game, is back with a breathtaking new version. Its explosive gameplay - unique and timeless - is filled with surprises.
Bridge Constructor,Xbox One,Simulation,58,tbd,E,ClockStone Software,Bridge Constructor puts you in the role of an engineer! Design and create bridges that span deep valleys, dangerous canyons, city streets or raging rivers. Sure you got it right? Send cars and trucks over your bridges and see what happens! Bridge Constructor features complex physics, realistic materials, and an introductory tutorial. Creativity and ingenuity required!
Broken Sword 5: The Serpent's Curse,Xbox One,Adventure,77,7.2,T,Revolution Software,Paris in the spring. Shots ring out from a gallery… A robbery… a murder… and the beginning of another epic, original Broken Sword adventure. From Revolution Software comes the latest explosive episode in this classic series. 
Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons,Xbox One,Action Adventure,81,8.9,T,Starbreeze,Share in the epic journey of two brothers, as they set out to find a cure for their dying father.
Brunswick Pro Bowling,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Farsight Technologies, Crave, Alliance Digital Media,Brunswick Pro Bowling allows you to experience all the thrills and excitement of being a professional bowler with a simple, intuitive scheme and real ball and pin physics.
Cabela's African Adventures,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,FUN Labs,Explore the scenic wilderness of Africa on foot and by rig, where you’ll go head to head with the most notorious beasts on the planet as you attempt to take down the biggest of the Big Five: The Rhino, Lion, Leopard, Cape Buffalo & African Elephant.
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare,Xbox One,Action,81,5.5,M,Sledgehammer Games,Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare predicts the powerful battlegrounds of the future, where both technology and tactics have taken steps to usher in a new era of combat for the franchise. Kevin Spacey is Jonathan Irons -- one of the most notorious men in the world -- shaping this chilling vision of the future of war. The game unfolds in a plausible future in which technological, telesis and today's military practices have converged with real world consequences. In this image of the future, Private Military Corporations have become the dominant armed forces for many countries who must outsource their military needs, redrawing borders and rewriting international law.  Irons, the founder and president of the world's largest PMC, Atlas Corporation, is at the vortex of these tectonic plates.
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare - Ascendance,Xbox One,Action,75,7.2,M,Sledgehammer Games,Four brand new multiplayer maps. They are named: Perplex, Site 244, Climate, and Chop Shop. "Exo Zombies Map 2" is part 2 of a 4-part unique Zombies experience. After being overrun at the Atlas research facility outbreak, our heroes awaken to find that the infection has spread and mutated the surrounding town. Before they can get any answers, they’ll have to fight their way out. New Bonus Weapons: The OHM directed energy hybrid weapon can switch between an LMG and Shotgun on the fly. Also included is the OHM-Werewolf custom variant.
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare - Havoc,Xbox One,Action,72,6.7,M,Sledgehammer Games,Havoc - The 1st DLC pack for Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare adds four all-new Multiplayer maps are tailor-made to unleash your exoskeleton’s power.
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare - Reckoning,Xbox One,Action,75,6.3,NaN,Sledgehammer Games,Brace yourself for Reckoning, the final DLC pack for Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare. Grapple your way out of ship-fired missile strikes, avoid plasma lamp explosions and boost jump off crumbling glaciers in four all-new MP maps. The conclusion of the Exo Zombies saga: Descent introduces a remote ocean Atlas survival facility, new “fused” zombie enemies, and the Trident Reflected Energy Weapon. Discover the true cause of the global pandemic and the terrible secret that Atlas has been hiding. [Activision]
Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare - Supremacy,Xbox One,Action,71,6.9,NaN,NaN,Battle your way to Supremacy, the third downloadable content pack for Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare: - Four iconic locations take the fierce MP competition around the world from the Atlas training grounds to Russia, England and Greece. - The Exo Grapple Playlist returns with its strategic movement capability and deadly grapple secondary weapon. - Part Three of the Exo Zombies saga: Carrier introduces a new celebrity playable character, devastating advanced weaponry, Atlas strike teams, Sentinel support squads and a host of new zombie enemies.
Call of Duty: Black Ops III,Xbox One,Action,81,4.4,M,Treyarch,In Black Ops 3, Treyarch introduces a new momentum-based chained-movement system which enables players to fluidly move through the environment with finesse, using controlled thrust jumps, slides, wall runs and mantling abilities in a myriad of combinations, all while continuously keeping full control over their weapon. Maps are designed from the ground-up for the new movement system, enabling players to be successful with traditional movement, as well as with advanced tactics and maneuvers.
Call of Duty: Black Ops III - Awakening,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Treyarch,The first of four planned DLC map packs, Awakening features 4 new multiplayer maps - Skyjacked, Rise, Splash, and Gauntlet - and the next chapter in the Black Ops 3 Zombies saga, Der Eisendrache.
Call of Duty: Black Ops III - Gold Edition,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Treyarch,Call of Duty: Black Ops III combines three unique game modes: Campaign, Multiplayer and Zombies, providing fans with the deepest and most ambitious Call of Duty ever. The Campaign has been designed as a co-op game that can be played with up to 4 players online or as a solo cinematic thrill-ride. Multiplayer will be the franchises deepest, most rewarding and most engaging to date, with new ways to rank up, customize, and gear up for battle. And Zombies delivers an all-new mind-blowing experience with its own dedicated narrative. The title ushers in an unprecedented level of innovation, including jaw-dropping environments, never before experienced weaponry and abilities, and the introduction of a new, improved fluid movement system.
Call of Duty: Black Ops III - Salvation,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Treyarch,Salvation features Revelations, the finale of the Origins Zombies saga.  In Revelations, this final chapter of the Zombies experience, Richtofen, Dempsey, Takeo, and Nikolai – having traveled through space and time – finally discover the identity of the mysterious Doctor Monty in The House.  As the heroes face-off against an ancient evil, they must hold the zombie horde back in the ultimate battle between human and undead. [Activision]
Call of Duty: Black Ops III - The Giant,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Treyarch,NaN
Call of Duty: Black Ops III: Eclipse,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Treyarch,In the latest episode of the Zombies experience, the Origins characters head to 'Zetsubou No Shima', a tropical island where experiments with Element 115 have created horrors beyond belief. Battle your way through four stunning Black Ops III Multiplayer environments: Spire, Knockout, Verge and Rift.
Call of Duty: Ghosts,Xbox One,Action,78,4.3,M,Infinity Ward,This new chapter in the Call of Duty franchise features a unique dynamic in which players are on the side of a crippled nation fighting not for freedom, or liberty, but simply for survival. 10 years after a devastating mass event, the nation's borders and the balance of global power have been permanently redrawn. As what's left of the nation's Special Operations forces, a surreptitious group known only as "Ghosts" leads the fight back against a newly emerged, technologically-superior global power. There are over 20 NEW Kill Streaks in Call of Duty: Ghosts — such as Juggernaut Maniac, Helo-Scout, Vulture and the ODIN Strike. You can even bring in Riley, from the single-player campaign, as your guard dog to warn you when enemies approach, and to attack enemies if they get too close to your person.
Call of Duty: Ghosts - Devastation,Xbox One,Action,70,5.6,M,Infinity Ward,Behemoth - Columbia: Situated on a massive excavation vehicle, Behemoth is a narrow multi-level map, giving players flanking opportunities with danger around every corner. Complete the map’s Field Order and take control of an attack helicopter able to rain down destruction from above with devastating grenade launchers. Ruins - Mexico: A mountaintop Mayan ruin overrun by the jungle, Ruins’ skyline is dominated by an ominous volcano on the brink of eruption. This map blends the verticality of a dominant temple with tight subterranean sections.  Unearthed - Classified: Inspired by Dome, the fan-favorite map from Call of Duty®: Modern Warfare® 3, Unearthed drops players in the heart of an alien dig site. This small map asks players to navigate through Cryptid artifacts, a mix of high-tech HAZMAT facilities, scientific equipment and vehicles. Players skilled enough to complete Unearthed’s unique Field Order will be able to unleash three Cryptid alien creatures, delivering an explosive end to their foes. Collision - New York: The mangled remains of cargo ship crashed into a New York bridge, ripe with burnt out vehicles and shipping containers strewn across the deck, this map provides the ideal theatre for close-quarters combat. Unlock the map’s unique Killstreak by completing the Field Order, and use the full arsenal of an A-10 Warthog aircraft to strafe the full length of the map. [Activision]
Call of Duty: Ghosts - Invasion,Xbox One,Action,73,6.5,M,Infinity Ward,Invasion, is the third DLC Pack for Call of Duty: Ghosts, featuring four multiplayer maps and
Call of Duty: Ghosts - Nemesis,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Infinity Ward,Welcome to Call of Duty: Ghosts Nemesis, the final DLC pack. The pack contains 4 multiplayer maps and Exodus, the conclusion to the Extinction 4-part episodic saga.
Call of Duty: Ghosts - Onslaught,Xbox One,Action,65,4.2,M,Infinity Ward,Onslaught includes four unique Multiplayer Maps. An all-new dual purpose Assault Rifle/Sniper Rifle/ The first installment in Extinction's four-part episodic narrative.
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,NaN,M,Infinity Ward,Infinite Warfare is the first game in the franchise to venture beyond the reaches of Earth, framing a plausible future war in our solar system.  Infinite Warfare also introduces an original cooperative Zombies mode that takes players on a wild ride through a new storyline with unique gameplay features and mechanics. [Infinity Ward]
Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare - Legacy Pro Edition,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,NaN,M,Infinity Ward,NaN
Cannon Brawl,Xbox One,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Turtle Sandbox LLC,Cannon Brawl is a 2D action strategy game with big explosions and destructible terrain. Command the action from your airship to build cannons, capture mines, expand your territory and more. Choose from a multitude of buildings, cannons and towers to assemble a force that will rain destruction from the sky and defeat your enemy! Advance your military campaign across the map in single player mode, or duke it out in multiplayer mode.
Carmageddon: Max Damage,Xbox One,Racing,52,7.1,M,Stainless Games,Create carnage in a wide range of large open world environments and smaller battle arenas, with plenty of fun stuff to smash into, smash up, snap off and sling around. Explore city streets and country trails, arid deserts and icy wastelands all packed with juicy meatbags for your killing pleasure.
Cartoon Network: Battle Crashers,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,NaN,E10+,Magic Pockets,NaN
Casey Powell Lacrosse 16,Xbox One,Sports,60,8.6,E,Big Ant Studios, Crosse Studios,Casey Powell Lacrosse 16 is a console lacrosse simulation with authentic gameplay, multi-year dynasty mode, competitive online multiplayer, real-time RPG leveling, and in-depth character customization.
Cast of the Seven Godsends: Redux,Xbox One,Action,61,tbd,T,Raven Travel Studios,Cast of the Seven Godsends — Redux harkens back to the days when classic 2D run ‘n’ gun shooters ruled the arcades. Four levels of difficulty, six worlds to conquer, twelve mid and end-of-level bosses, seven god-like armour sets, five basic weapons, and 35 magic combat spells!
Castle Crashers Remastered,Xbox One,Action,83,7.0,T,The Behemoth,New multiplayer mini-game called Back Off Barbarian. Five times larger texture sizes than the original.
Castle Invasion: Throne Out,Xbox One,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Cat Trap Studios,NaN
Castles,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Badland Games,Castles is an action puzzle game, set in a fantasy medieval world. Up to two players have to rise the highest tower in the kingdom, matching blocks of materials and construction tools, and facing problems like weather and giant bosses.
CastleStorm: Definitive Edition,Xbox One,Strategy,69,7.0,T,Zen Studios,CastleStorm features medieval ballista weaponry, allowing players to launch an assortment of explosive weapons including Morningstars, Apple Grenades, Homing Eagles, and even flying sheep to defeat an onslaught of enemies trying to capture your flag and destroy your castle. Deploy a fearsome ground attack of swordsmen, knights, and donkey riders in order to protect your castle games, and if all else fails, call upon powerful spells to help keep the enemy at bay.
Cel Damage HD,Xbox One,Simulation,57,tbd,NaN,Finish Line Games,PART DEMOLITION DERBY, PART WHACKED-OUT CARTOON COME TO LIFE.
Chariot,Xbox One,Action,73,7.6,E,Frima Studio,Chariot is a humoristic physics-based couch co-op platformer in which a brave princess and her suitor carry a funeral wagon through ancient caves,  fending-off swarms of looters while amassing riches, to bury the King's remains in a worthy gold-filled tomb. 
Child of Light,Xbox One,Action,82,7.6,E10+,Ubisoft Montreal,Child of Light is a digital download, 2D side-scrolling role-playing game inspired by the art style of Studio Ghibli.
Chivalry: Medieval Warfare,Xbox One,Action,51,4.7,M,Torn Banner Studios, Hardsuit Labs,CHIVALRY: Medieval Warfare is a first-person medieval combat game that seeks to deliver the intensity of epic hollywood medieval block busters to the hands of a gamer. CHIVALRY hurls the player into a fictional yet realistic medieval world where the Agathian Knights are battling against the newly formed Mason Order for control of the lands of Agatha.
Claire: Extended Cut,Xbox One,Adventure,67,tbd,M,Hailstorm Games Inc,Extended Cut goes a little deeper into Claire’s history, bringing up more questions and more answers.
Clash,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,4.2,E,FennecFox Entertainment,Clash is a fast paced four player fantasy arena fighter. The main focus of the game is to defeat your friends in a couch gaming manner. Each player has a pair of combat options: A magical shield block and a dash attack. There are different game modes that have different objectives for players to compete against each other. Spice things up with the adjustable gravity, attack length, score amount and a ton more adjustables.
Clockwork Tales: Of Glass and Ink,Xbox One,Puzzle,70,tbd,T,Artifex Mundi,Delve into this exciting detective adventure game with a steampunk twist! Strange earthquakes are causing the worlds cities to crumble to ruin. The brilliant Dr. Ambrose Ink hopes to expose the underlying cause of this phenomenon, but he needs the assistance of his longtime friend, Agent Evangeline Glass. The heroine will have to storm the castle of the General Engineer of Gottland to find out the truth and stop the cataclysm.
ClusterPuck99,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,PHL Collective,ClusterPuck 99 is an 8 player sports game built for parties, competition and smack talk. Bash your friends to gain control of the puck and then fight your way through to your opponents goal. Try to score while avoiding spikes and utilizing speed boosts to blast past other players. 
ClusterTruck,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,tinyBuild,ClusterTruck is a chaotic physics based truckformer. Jump your way through insane levels in a game of "the floor is lava" on top of speeding trucks driven by terrible drivers. The game only gets harder when dangers such as swinging hammers, lasers and flamethrowers are added.
Cobalt,Xbox One,Action,66,7.6,E10+,Oxeye,Colbalt is a wacky action platformer from indie developer Mojang.
Coffin Dodgers,Xbox One,Racing,46,3.4,T,Milky Tea Studios,Welcome to a suburban retirement village where all is not as it seems…
Color Symphony 2,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E10+,REMIMORY,Try to find new paths by using color!
Commander Cherry's Puzzled Journey,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Grande Games,Experience the world’s one and only Yoga-Action-Platformer. Commander Cherry’s Puzzled Journey is a hybrid-motion control game. This means you play the game using a camera and a gamepad simultaneously. 
Contrast,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,6.3,T,Compulsion Games,In a 1920s film noir dreamscape, you must become your shadow to help a little girl heal her troubled family.
Costume Quest 2,Xbox One,Role-Playing,65,6.8,E10+,Double Fine Productions,Become a candy obsessed crusader in the sweet sequel to Double Fine's original smash hit!
Crimson Dragon,Xbox One,Action,55,6.5,T,Grounding Inc.,Many generations have passed since the human colonists of Planet Draco lost contact with Earth, and they have reached a fragile truce with the native dragons. Now they face the return of an old threat, a colossal destroyer known as the White Phantom. In Crimson Dragon, use Kinect to control your dragon and repel the violent enemy life forms. Teach your dragon new skills, and train it to become strong enough to face combat in harder missions. Bring your trained dragon online to take on missions in co-op.
Crimsonland,Xbox One,Action,69,6.8,T,10tons Entertainment, 10tons,Crimsonland is an intense, addictive and immensely gratifying top-down dual stick shooter where your screen is filled with literally hundreds of aliens, giant spiders, mutant lizards, and more.
Cubikolor,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,6.0,E,Moving Player,NaN
Cubot - The Complexity of Simplicity,Xbox One,Puzzle,68,7.3,E,NicoplvGames,At first sight, Cubot is a puzzle-game with a minimalist gameplay, just move color cubes towards tiles of the same color. It's really easy, but it will be a torture for your mind to complete all levels of the game because the apparent simplicity of the game is in contradiction with the complexity of the puzzles. Moreover, an important point in the gameplay is if you have multiple cubes, they move simultaneously!
D/Generation HD,Xbox One,Puzzle,64,tbd,E10+,West Coast Software,In the near future, a company called Genoq has developed a range of bioweapons that have escaped into the companys headquarters. 
D4: Dark Dreams Don't Die,Xbox One,Action,76,7.3,M,Access Games,D4 is an episodic murder mystery for the Xbox One where you must use your ability to go back in time to solve the mystery of your wife's murder.
Dad Beat Dads,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Stellar Jay Studios,Dad Beat Dads is a fast-paced, local multiplayer brawler for up to 4 players. Dad Beat Dads also has the latest in Robo-Dad technology, so you can ditch your friends and play against the computer. 3 different game modes keep the gameplay fun and challenging. Which one will be your favorite?
Dance Central Spotlight,Xbox One,Action,74,7.0,T,Harmonix Music Systems,Dance Central Spotlight is a rhythm-and-dance simulation game in which players perform dance steps by following the movements of on-screen characters.
Dangerous Golf,Xbox One,Sports,63,4.9,E,Three Fields Entertainment,Welcome to the World of Dangerous Golf, an arcade style sports game with a very explosive twist.
Dark Souls II: Scholar of the First Sin,Xbox One,Role-Playing,89,7.7,T,From Software,Dark Souls II: Scholar of the First Sin includes the 3 previously released DLC packs  - Crown of the Sunken King, Crown of the Old Iron King, and Crown of the ivory King - along with additional features. All versions of the game include the following features (Existing Dark Souls II owners will receive a patch to implement these elements): Additional NPCs added for an enhanced story experience. Parameter adjustments for improved game balance. Augmented item descriptions. Improved online matchmaking functionality. [Bandai Namco]
Dark Souls III,Xbox One,Role-Playing,87,8.5,NaN,From Software,Developed by Japanese developer FromSoftware, DARK SOULS III is the latest chapter in the DARK SOULS series with its trademark sword and sorcery combat and rewarding action RPG gameplay. Players travel across a wide variety of locations in an interconnected world of unrelenting challenge and deep RPG gameplay as they search for a way to survive the coming apocalypse.
Dark Souls III: Ashes of Ariandel,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.1,M,From Software, Journey to the snowy world of Ariandel and encounter new areas, bosses, enemies, weapons, armor set, magic spells and more. Will you accept the challenge and embrace the darkness once more?
Darksiders II: Deathinitive Edition,Xbox One,Action Adventure,75,6.9,M,Gunfire Games, Kaiko,Darksiders II follows the actions of Death, one of the four horsemen of the Apocalypse, in a tale that runs parallel to the events in the original Darksiders game. This journey propels Death across an expansive game world as he tries to redeem his brother, War, the horseman blamed for prematurely starting the Apocalypse in Darksiders.
Darksiders: Warmastered Edition,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,M,Nordic Games Publishing,NaN
DC Universe Online,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.2,T,WBIE,In DC Universe Online, players will be thrust headlong into an action-packed online world based on the heroes, villains and landmarks of the DC Universe. In the game, players step into the role of the next legendary superhero or villain and are given the choice to save or conquer the universe online. Along the way, players will be fighting alongside or against iconic DC characters as well as other players for the fate of the DC Universe.
Dead Island: Definitive Collection,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,67,4.9,M,Techland,(Also known as "Dead Island: Definite Edition") Definitive Collection contains Dead Island Definitive Edition, Dead Island: Riptide Definitive Edition and a brand new stand-alone 16-bit game Dead Island Retro Revenge. Dead Island Definitive Edition and Dead Island: Riptide Definitive Edition are fully remastered versions of Dead Island and Dead Island Riptide including all released DLC and patches. Dead Island Retro Revenge: A brand new stand-alone 16-bit game set in the style of a classic side-scrolling action/endless runner within the Dead Island universe. Smash heads, crack skulls and slice em up with visceral melee combat and true story-based 4-player co-op in a sprawling open world just waiting for exploration. Enhance and develop your unique character using RPG-like elements including an XP/leveling system and unlockable skill trees. Collect and customize thousands of weapons ranging from simple wooden bats and fire axes to heavy rifles as you search for the makings of the ultimate zombie-slaying tool.
Dead Island: Retro Revenge,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Techland, Empty Clip Studios,Get ready for some 16-bit retro revenge. When his beloved cat gets kidnapped, Max sets out across a zombie-infested California to get him back by force.
Dead Island: Riptide - Definitive Edition,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Techland,NaN
Dead or Alive 5: Last Round,Xbox One,Action,69,6.4,M,Team Ninja,2 new playable characters join the fray to make 34 fighters - the largest roster in franchise history. Master the signature DOA fighting system through the textured story and tutorial modes, unlock more costumes than ever before in each of the offline training modes, and compete with the best fighters in the world in the online training modes. Fight as ninjas, assassins, roughnecks & wrestlers as you knock your opponents off an exotic waterfall, into an exploding oil rig and more.
Dead Rising,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,9.5,M,Capcom,Frank West is a freelance photojournalist on the hunt for the scoop of a lifetime. He travels to a small suburban town in pursuit of a hot lead, only to find that it's been overrun with zombies. What a way to start an assignment. Frank heads for the local shopping mall, assuming that he'll be safe there, but the zombies have taken over the place. Now it's up to you to help Frank survive this onslaught of the undead, using everything you can find in the mall to help fight off the bloodthirsty mob and search for the truth behind this horrendous epidemic.
Dead Rising 2,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Blue Castle Games,Dead Rising 2 is set several years after the infamous zombie invasion of Willamette. Unfortunately, the zombie virus was not contained at the conclusion of Dead Rising, spreading unchecked throughout the United States and Dead Rising 2 depicts a country where zombie outbreaks continue to strike.
Dead Rising 2: Off the Record,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Capcom Vancouver,Dead Rising 2: Off the Record, sees photojournalist and original hero of Dead Rising's Willamette incident, Frank West take center stage as players experience a reimagining of the Fortune City outbreak. Forget what you know about Dead Rising 2,"Frank West is back in the game!" The new, "Off the Record" storyline means an all new Dead Rising 2 experience. Frank will face off against more twisted enemies, build more outrageous combo weapons, follow his own unique mission structure and explore brand new areas of Fortune City to get his biggest scoop yet. Frank's come back means the return of his trusty camera, with players able to earn Prestige Points (PP) for specific photo opportunities that are graded against criteria such as horror, drama, erotica and brutality. In addition to the new scenario and gameplay enhancements, Dead Rising 2: Off the Record offers a suite of technical updates including load time optimizations, improved network performance and a host of system upgrades to deliver a more satisfying Dead Rising experience.
Dead Rising 3,Xbox One,Action,78,6.8,M,Capcom Vancouver,Available only on Xbox One, Dead Rising 3 is set ten years following the events of Fortune City in Dead Rising 2. Players are introduced to Nick Ramos, a young mechanic with a bizarre tattoo and an mysterious past, who has to find a way to escape a city full of zombies before a coming military strike wipes the city of Los Perdidos, California, and everyone in it, off the face of the Earth. Nick cannot do it on his own – he must hook up with other survivors to stay alive. They've got to fight their way out before it’s too late.
Dead Rising 3: Apocalypse Edition,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,6.3,M,Capcom Vancouver,Featuring the ultimate open-world zombie game, four downloadable content packs and a bonus digital item, the Dead Rising 3 Apocalypse Edition is the definitive Dead Rising experience.
Dead Rising 3: Chaos Rising,Xbox One,Action,50,3.8,M,Capcom Vancouver,This new Dead Rising 3 downloadable episode puts you in control of renegade biker, Hunter Thibodeux, who must escape from prison, seek revenge and fight for control of his gang. This new side story features a new mission, zombie-slaying weapons, over-the-top vehicles and more – all of which carry back to the main game. [Xbox.com]
Dead Rising 3: Fallen Angel,Xbox One,Action,56,4.6,M,Capcom Vancouver,The zombie invasion returns to Xbox Live today with the release of the second chapter of the â€œUntold Stories of Los Perdidos,â€ â€œFallen Angel.â€ Available for $9.99 USD, the new â€œDead Rising 3â€ downloadable episode features an all-new character fighting to keep her group of survivors safe from a sinister government plot while battling the zombie apocalypse. This side story features a new mission and an all-new collection of over-the-top weapons, a new vehicle, a new clothing outfit, Gamerscore and PP (experience points) â€“ all of which carry back to the main game!
Dead Rising 3: Operation Broken Eagle,Xbox One,Action,52,4.2,M,NaN,Dead Rising 3: Operation Broken Eagle puts you in control of Spec Ops Commander Adam Kane on a mission that challenges everything he believes â€“ to capture the missing President of the United States while battling the zombie apocalypse. This side story features a new mission, new weapons, new vehicle, and more.
Dead Rising 3: The Last Agent,Xbox One,Action,51,4.0,M,Capcom Vancouver,The Last Agent, the last installment in The Untold Stories of Los Perdidos, centers around on Brad Park, an agent for the Federal Bureau of Zombie Defense and Control.
Dead Rising 4,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,M,Capcom,This is the holiday season in Willamette, Colorado. A mysterious outbreak has overrun the Willamette Memorial Megaplex Mall and surrounding town with dangerous and deadly predators. Join Frank West as you explore a vast, open world sandbox filled with dangerous new zombies and a myriad ways to kill them as you seek to uncover the truth behind the outbreak - or die trying. 
Dead Rising Triple Pack,Xbox One,Action Adventure,72,tbd,NaN,Capcom,In celebration of Dead Rising’s 10th Anniversary, Capcom has brought Dead Rising, Dead Rising 2, and Dead Rising 2: Off the Record to a new generation of zombie slayers.
Dead Synchronicity: Tomorrow Comes Today,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Fictiorama Studios,The story of Michael, a man who must recover his identity and decode the two events that brought the world to the edge of collapse. The first one is the so-called “Great Wave,” an inexplicable chain of natural disasters. The second is a pandemic that turned humans into “the Dissolved,” infected beings that eventually dissolve into blood.
Deadlight: Director's Cut,Xbox One,Action,69,7.3,M,Tequila Works,Set in an apocalyptic 1986, you play Randall Wayne, a lone survivor searching for his loved ones in the ruins of Seattle. Through tense platforming and deadly encounters with the undead, known as ‘shadows’, you’ll either fight using scarce resources, or navigate the environment to run and hide from them.
Deadpool,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,6.1,M,High Moon Studios,Some of you may know me as the Merc with the Mouth. And it's time to get mouthy. Prepare to get Deadpooled. Couple things I'd like to get off my chest: I'm a mercenary for hire with an accelerated healing factor. I like to run my mouth. Some say I'm unstable but I'm very stable. (What about that time we beat the dude with his own arms?) (That doesn't count) And if you want to know what gets me going in the mornings, it's chimichangas! (Mmmmm Chimichangas) WHOA, I feel better now. All right. I'm gonna battle for the safety of humans (and bewbs!) and mutants. (and bewbs!) That's right, $#*! just got real!
Dear Esther,Xbox One,Adventure,66,7.3,T,The Chinese Room,Dear Esther is a first-person ghost story. Rather than traditional game-play the focus here is on exploration, uncovering the mystery of a lonely island, of who you are and why you are here. Fragments of story are randomly uncovered when exploring the various locations of the island, making every each journey a unique experience.
Death God University,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,DSK Green Ice Games,NaN
Destiny,Xbox One,Action,75,5.5,T,Bungie Software, Bungie,In Destiny (from the creators of Halo) you are a Guardian of the last city on Earth. You are able to wield incredible power. Explore the ancient ruins of our solar system, from the vast dunes of Mars to the lush jungles of Venus. Defeat Earth’s enemies. Reclaim all that we have lost. Become legend. Embark on an epic action adventure with rich cinematic storytelling where you unravel the mysteries of our universe and reclaim what we lost at the fall of our Golden Age. The next evolution of the first-person action genre that promises to provide an unprecedented combination of storytelling, cooperative, competitive, and public gameplay, and personal activities that are all woven into an expansive, persistent online world. Venture out alone or join up with friends. The choice is yours. Personalize and upgrade every aspect of how you look and fight with a nearly limitless combination of armor, weapons, and visual customizations. Take your upgraded character into every mode, including campaign, cooperative, social, public, and competitive multiplayer.
Destiny: House of Wolves,Xbox One,Action,71,4.0,T,Bungie,Expand your Destiny adventure with a myriad of weapons, armor, and gear to earn in new story missions, 3 new competitive multiplayer maps, and a new cooperative Strike. Expansion II introduces a new competitive elimination mode in the Crucible and an all-new arena activity – The Prison of Elders. The Reef is open. Join the Awoken and hunt down the Fallen rising against us.
Destiny: Rise of Iron,Xbox One,Action,72,3.2,NaN,Bungie,Destiny: Rise of Iron is the next expansion to the Destiny universe. It features an all new cinematic story campaign set within The Plaguelands, a brand new location on Earth. Under the command of Lord Saladin you will face a new faction of Fallen Devils, the Splicers, while unravelling the mystery of the Iron Lords. Rise of Iron features new weapons, armor, and gear, as well as a new cooperative three-player Strike, a new mode and maps for the Crucible competitive multiplayer, and an all new six-player cooperative Raid. [Activision]
Destiny: The Collection,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Bungie,Destiny - The Collection contains every release from the first-person shooter franchise to date. It's a way for Guardians to embark on journeys they may have missed, as well as a starting point for new players who want to join the Destiny community. It includes: Destiny, Expansion I: The Dark Below, Expansion II: House of Wolves, The Taken King, and the newest adventure, Rise of Iron. It also includes a character boost to send you immediately into the battle.
Destiny: The Dark Below,Xbox One,Action,59,2.9,T,Bungie,Expand your Destiny adventure with a wealth of weapons, armor, and gear earned in new story missions, three new competitive multiplayer arenas, and a new cooperative Strike and Raid. FEATURING:
Destiny: The Taken King,Xbox One,Action,89,5.2,T,Bungie Software, Bungie,To battle the Darkness and the Taken army, players get brand new subclasses with new supers. Warlocks now harness the power of an electric storm, Hunters carve a bow formed from gravitational void energy, and Titans summon a flaming hammer that can sear their adversaries from a range or deliver a devastating melee impact.
Destiny: The Taken King - Legendary Edition,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,5.6,T,Activision,To battle the Darkness and the Taken army, players get brand new subclasses with new supers. Warlocks now harness the power of an electric storm, Hunters carve a bow formed from gravitational void energy, and Titans summon a flaming hammer that can sear their adversaries from a range or deliver a devastating melee impact.
Deus Ex: Mankind Divided,Xbox One,Action Adventure,83,7.1,M,Eidos Montreal,The action of Deus Ex: Mankind Divided takes place in 2029, a couple of years after the events of Human Revolution and the infamous ‘Aug Incident’ in Panchaea that resulted in the deaths of millions at the hands of those who had installed augmentations. This event has caused a massive divide between those who have augmentations and those who don't. Amidst this emotional turmoil are various factions aiming to manipulate the public by twisting public opinion of augmentation to advance their own agenda and hide the truth of what really occurred.
Deus Ex: Mankind Divided - System Rift,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Eidos Montreal,In Deus Ex: Mankind Divided – System Rift, you will re-unite with Frank Pritchard, Adam’s friend and former colleague at Sarif Industries, and assist him in hunting down information on the mysterious Santeau Group. Desperate to get more information, Pritchard targets one of the most secure data banks ever created – the Palisade Blade. In agreeing to help, Adam may also be able to uncover hints as to who the illuminati really are.
Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition,Xbox One,Fantasy,76,8.3,M,Capcom,Devil May Cry 4 throws you into a gothic supernatural world, where a new protagonist clashes with a familiar hero. As the new leading man, Nero, you unleash incredible attacks and non-stop combos using a new gameplay mechanic, his powerful "Devil Bringer" arm. On the coast of a distant land you'll find the castle town of Fortuna. It is here that the group known as the Order of the Sword practices an elusive religion. They revere the demon warrior Sparda, who as their god fought to protect humans, and are committed to the extermination of all demons. Nero, a young knight from the Order, is tasked with finding Dante, the mysterious assassin who murdered the head of the Order of the Sword. Simultaneously, more demons begin to surface throughout the city. Nero soon comes to discover the motives behind Dante's appearance and the truth behind the intentions of the Order of the Sword. 
Dex (Enhanced Version),Xbox One,Role-Playing,69,9.0,M,Dreadlocks Ltd, Dreadlocks,Discover the truth behind an enigmatic AI striving to reach the Singularity, a theoretical “event horizon” in which artificial intelligence will surpass human intelligence and all bets about the future will be off. How will you play your part in the story?  Explore the futuristic city of Harbor Prime and meet its many inhabitants, answer the challenges the city has to offer, roam the neon-lit streets, and augment your character with skills and implants.
DG2: Defense Grid 2,Xbox One,Strategy,78,7.0,E10+,Hidden Path Entertainment,Defense Grid 2, DG2, is the highly-anticipated sequel to Hidden Path Entertainments 2008 Defense Grid: The Awakening. Setting the bar as the definitive tower defense game, Defense Grid 2 introduces new worlds and threats to test your tower placement strategies. With a bold new look, a compelling single-player campaign, and the addition of new game modes, online player-versus-player and multiplayer co-op, every play-through brings fun new opportunities and challenges. DG2 comes with a story campaign featuring 21 stunning maps, dynamic level movement, an expanded story and cast of characters, hundreds of challenge mode experiences, new multiplayer modes, a procedurally driven audio score and the ability for players to build their own levels. DG2 also introduces players to DG Architect, a level creation tool set connected to Steam Workshop where players can create their own unique levels to share and possibly even sell if selected. DG2 for the PC was funded in part by Dracogen, a private investor after a 2012 Kickstarter campaign funded the original game's DLC, Defense Grid: Containment. DG2 is developed by Hidden Path Entertainment and published by 505 Games.
Diablo III: Ultimate Evil Edition,Xbox One,Role-Playing,86,7.8,M,Blizzard Entertainment,Xbox One players can now experience the full adventure of Blizzard's epic action RPG, Diablo III, and the upcoming expansion, Reaper of Souls all from the comfort of their couch in Diablo III: Ultimate Evil Edition. Take on the role of one of six powerful character class Barbarian, Demon Hunter, Monk, Witch Doctor, Wizard, or the all-new Crusader and embark on a dark journey through Acts I-V to save the world of Sanctuary from ancient and sinister forces.
DiRT Rally,Xbox One,Racing,86,8.2,E,Codemasters,DiRT Rally features 39 of the most iconic and relevant cars from yesteryear through to modern day, representing the cars that the players want, and the ones that make the most sense for the surfaces they race on. Six rallies with over 70 stages. Head to the muddy paths of Wales, the dusty trails of Greece and the icy tarmac of Monte Carlo. Take on the legendary hillclimb of Pikes Peak, the snowy thrills of Sweden, and the epic scenery of Finland. DiRT Rally has the iconic locations to test your nerve and delight your senses. Race at the Lydden Hill, Holjes and Hell tracks in six of the fastest off-road cars and take on your friends in bumper-to-bumper multiplayer racing. 
Dishonored 2,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,M,Arkane Studios,Dishonored 2 takes your protagonist, Corvo Attano or Emily Kaldwin, to the coastal city of Karnaca where the choices you make will have significant impact on the world.
Dishonored: Definitive Edition,Xbox One,Action Adventure,76,7.1,M,Arkane Studios,Dishonored, and all of its additional content - Dunwall City Trials, The Knife of Dunwall, The Brigmore Witches and Void Walker's Arsenal.
Disney Infinity 2.0 Edition,Xbox One,Action Adventure,73,5.2,E10+,Avalanche Software,The starter pack includes: one Disney Infinity: Marvel Super Heroes 2.0 Edition Game, 3 Marvel Super Heroes Figures: Iron Man, Thor and Black Widow, one Disney Infinity Base (2.0 Edition), two Toy Box Game Discs, one Marvel's The Avengers Play Set piece, and one Web Code Card.
Disney Infinity 3.0 Edition,Xbox One,Action Adventure,78,5.2,E10+,Avalanche Software,Twilight of the Republic is an all-new, original chapter of the Star Wars Saga, set in the Episodes I-III timeline. Get ready to use the Force and Lightsabers in epic battles as Anakin Skywalker, Ahsoka Tano, Obi-Wan Kenobi, Yoda, and Darth Maul.
Disney Infinity: Marvel Super Heroes - Guardians of the Galaxy Playset,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Avalanche Software,NaN
Disney Infinity: Marvel Super Heroes - Ultimate Spider Man Playset,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Avalanche Software,NaN
Divekick: Addition Edition +,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,One True Game Studios,A two-button fighting game.
Divinity: Original Sin Enhanced Edition,Xbox One,Role-Playing,88,7.4,M,Larian Studios,Divinity Original Sin: Enhanced Edition is a much lauded Role-Playing-Game that blends deep customization and humor with dynamic turn based combat. Either in online co-op, split-screen co-op on your TV, or even alone, take advantage of a classless RPG system to create your heroes and conquer the evils of Rivellon!
DmC: Devil May Cry Definitive Edition,Xbox One,Fantasy,86,7.6,M,Ninja Theory, QLOC,The definitive edition of this action game arrives with enhanced 1080p graphics at 60fps, new features and all the original DLC included. Chain together stylish combos with up to 8 unique weapons. Traverse the demonic world of Limbo as you join Dante and Vergil in the legendary rebirth of the Devil May Cry franchise. 
Dogos,Xbox One,Action,63,tbd,E10+,INTERNET URL S.A.,Putting the player in the shoes of Desmond Phoenix, a skilled pilot in command of sophisticated ships equipped with various types of powerful weapons, DOGOS invites you to explore 14 original open world levels completely made in 3D, giving players the opportunity to meet goals from any angle they can imagine! Intensive action, an insane amount of shooting and explosions, (not kidding a lot of explosions), all accompanied by an incredible and catchy soundtrack.
Don Bradman Cricket,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,6.6,E,Big Ant Studios,Features a comprehensive 20 year career mode which is providing machinations of cricket off the field.
Don't Starve: Giant Edition,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,T,Klei Entertainment, BlitWorks,Dont Starve: Giant Edition is an uncompromising wilderness survival game full of science and magic.
Don't Starve: Shipwrecked,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Klei Entertainment, Capy Games,Klei Entertainment has partnered with our friends at CAPY, creators of Superbrothers: Sword and Sworcery, Super Time Force and Below; to bring fans of Don’t Starve the latest single-player expansion: Don’t Starve: Shipwrecked! 
DOOM,Xbox One,Sci-Fi,87,8.1,M,id Software,There is no taking cover or stopping to regenerate health in campaign mode as you beat back Hell’s raging demon hordes. Combine your arsenal of futuristic and iconic guns, upgrades, movement and an advanced melee system to knock-down, slash, stomp, crush, and blow apart demons in creative and violent ways. In multiplayer, dominate your opponents in DOOM’s signature, fast-paced arena-style combat. In both classic and all-new game modes, annihilate your enemies utilizing your personal blend of skill, powerful weapons, vertical movement, and unique power-ups that allow you to play as a demon. DOOM SnapMap is an easy-to-use game and level editor that allows for limitless gameplay experiences on every platform. Anyone can snap together and customize maps, add pre-defined or custom gameplay, and edit game logic to create new modes. Instantly play your creation or make it available to players around the world. [ID/Bethesda]
DOOM: Unto The Evil,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,id Software,Unto the Evil is the first of three DLC Packs bringing all-new multiplayer content to DOOM. Players get three new maps to dominate, one new playable demon to unleash, a new weapon to master, a new equipment item to vary their arsenal, and a host of new armor sets, taunts, and Hack Modules to customize their experience.
Dovetail Games Euro Fishing,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,7.4,NaN,Dovetail Games,Euro Fishing immerses you deep into the adrenaline-packed action, fun and beauty of Europe’s most famous lakes. Master your rod, line and tactics, and refine your technique to become a top angler. This is the closest you can get to real fishing from the comfort of your own couch.
Dragon Age: Inquisition,Xbox One,Role-Playing,85,7.0,M,BioWare,Draft and lead a group of characters into rugged battles against a diversity of enemies – from earth-shattering High Dragons to demonic forces from the otherworld of the Fade. Go hand to hand in visceral, heroic combat as your followers fight by your side, or switch to tactical view to coordinate murderous offensives using the combined might of your party. See the tangible, visible results of your journey through a living world – raise structures, customize outposts, and change the landscape itself as environments are re-shaped in the wake of your Inquisition. Lead a party chosen from nine unique, fully-formed characters – each of whom react to your actions and choices differently, forming complex relationships both with you and with each other. Create your own character from multiple races, customize their appearance, and select their powers and abilities as the game progresses. Extensive customization options allow you to choose everything from the color of your follower’s boots to the features of your Inquisition stronghold. Become an agent of change in a time of uncertainty and upheaval.  Shape the course of empires, bring war or peace to factions in conflict, and drive the ultimate fate of the Inquisition. Will you stop the cataclysmic anarchy gripping the Dragon Age? [Electronic Arts]
Dragon Age: Inquisition - Game of the Year Edition,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.1,NaN,BioWare,The Game of the Year Edition includes the game, official add-ons - Jaws of Hakkon, The Descent, and Trespasser - and added features. 
Dragon Age: Inquisition - Jaws Of Hakkon,Xbox One,Role-Playing,70,5.8,NaN,BioWare,Learn the fate of the last Inquisitor and the powerful dragon he pursued. Enter an overgrown wilderness chock full of Avvar, fiercely independent hunters who settled in the southern mountains of Thedas. Explore their culture to uncover what happened to the last Inquisitor and the dragon he tracked. Discover an ancient Tevinter fortress that hides a powder-keg secret. In this new adventure, playable within the Dragon Age: Inquisition campaign, you will face powerful foes, gain legendary armor and weapons, and confront an ancient god of war bent on destroying the world.
Dragon Age: Inquisition - The Descent,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,5.4,NaN,BioWare,In Dragon Age: Inquisition - The Descent, you will venture deep below the surface to discover the source of mysterious earthquakes threatening Thedas.
Dragon Age: Inquisition - Trespasser,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,7.4,NaN,BioWare,Trespasser tells an entirely new story, set 2 years after the main game. The story explores what it's like to be a world-saving organization when the world no longer needs saving.
Dragon Ball: Xenoverse,Xbox One,Action,67,7.2,T,Dimps Corporation,DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE brings all the frenzied battles between Goku and his fiercest rivals, such as Vegeta, Frieza, Cell and many more, with new gameplay design. Players revisit all famous battles from the series through their own custom-created Avatars, which are connected to Trunks and many other characters. With the help of Trunks, travel through time and intervene with the past to restore Dragon Ball history. DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE take the universe from series' creator Akira Toriyama by storm and breaks tradition with a new world setup, the mysterious Toki Toki City.
Dragon Ball: Xenoverse 2,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,8.0,T,Dimps Corporation,DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE 2 builds upon the DRAGON BALL XENOVERSE with enhanced graphics that will further immerse players into the largest and most detailed Dragon Ball world ever developed.
Draw a Stickman: EPIC,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,6.0,E10+,Hitcents, Hitcents.com, Inc.,Draw a stickman, then guide him through a fantastic world of adventure! Using an assortment of pencils, draw elements, tools, and weapons to solve puzzles and overcome obstacles.Draw a Stickman Epic could be compared to an adventure game, RPG, or puzzle game, but the unique drawing mechanic is unlike any game you've ever played before! From drawing a rain cloud for growing plants to drawing an axe for chopping down a gate, you control all aspects of your environment.Explore diverse environments and encounter unusual creatures as you draw your way through 14 levels (plus a hidden bonus level)! With the non-linear gameplay, how you overcome one environment will determine which level you unlock next. Each level is filled with hidden secrets and achievements, offering hours and hours of replay value.Grab a pencil and dive into the world of Epic!
Draw a Stickman: EPIC and Friend's Journey,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Hitcents,NaN
Drawful 2,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,75,tbd,T,Jackbox Games, Inc.,Drawful is back to save your boring parties with the new multiplayer party game Drawful 2, which challenges players to draw weird, funny and often ridiculous prompts on their smartphones and tablets.
Dreamals: Dream Quest,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Xiness,There is a world of dreams called Dreamland, where anyone can have their wishes granted.
DUCATI: 90th Anniversary,Xbox One,Racing,No score yet,tbd,E,Milestone S.r.l,NaN
Duck Dynasty,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,3.5,T,FUN Labs,Hunt & Prank to Become a Robertson
Duke Nukem 3D: 20th Anniversary World Tour,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Gearbox Software,Frag like it’s 1996 – this time with even more asses to kick! Join the world’s greatest action hero in Duke Nukem 3D: 20th Anniversary World Tour as he saves Earth once again, kicking alien ass and saving babes across the globe along the way.
Dungeon of the Endless,Xbox One,Strategy,78,6.2,T,Amplitude Studios,Do you want to know what's behind the door? A Rogue-Like Dungeon Defense with a pinch of RPG. Open the door... what could go wrong?
Dungeon Punks,Xbox One,Action,71,8.5,E10+,Hyper Awesome Entertainment,Dungeon Punks is a multiplayer side-scrolling brawler RPG with a unique tag-team system that allows each player to control two heroes at once, while managing and controlling a full party of up to six heroes. The adventure can be enjoyed cooperatively by up to three players via couch co-op, or solo with computer-controlled teammates.
Dying Light,Xbox One,Action Adventure,74,7.8,M,Techland,A survival game presented from a first-person perspective, Dying Light is set in a broad, dangerous open world. Throughout the day, you comb a city environment ravaged by a puzzling epidemic, scouring for supplies and fashioning weapons to assist you in defeating the hordes of brainless, flesh-hungry enemies the plague has spawned. When the night falls, the hunter becomes the hunted as the infected increase their strength and aggressiveness - but even more deadly are the nocturnal, inhuman predators that leave their nests to feed.
Dying Light: The Bozak Horde,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Techland,The Bozak Horde
Dying Light: The Following,Xbox One,Action Adventure,86,8.0,NaN,Techland,Dying Light: The Following is a significant expansion to Dying Light and the untold chapter of Kyle Crane’s story. Take to a vast new area that will transform your Dying Light experience through new game mechanics, environments and challenges on top of the established core of the game.
Dying Light: The Following - Enhanced Edition,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.9,M,Techland,Enjoy the definitive Dying Light experience with the new Legend system, improved visuals, significant gameplay enhancements, and more. This package comes with all the available bonus content, including Dying Light: The Following – a story-based expansion that brings mysterious characters, deadly new weapons, unexpected quests, and fully customizable and drivable dirt buggies. [Techland]
Dynamite Fishing: World Games,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,www.handy-games.com,Forget about idyllic ponds or beautiful coral reefs. Dynamite Fishing  World Games will ship you to the best fishing spots all over the globe, including an awesome jungle adventure! Choose your favorite characters and boats, explore the most daring scenarios and catch as many fish as you can.    
Dynasty Warriors 8 Empires,Xbox One,Action,58,6.6,T,Koei Tecmo Games,As you go through the game, you choose from a variety of play styles that enable you to earn promotions, make slanderous statements against others, hone your skills as a warrior, and more. There are also more personal pursuits, such as developing your officer's abilities or getting married and having children, as well as more kingdom-based activities such as the retirement and succession of rulers. All of these actions provide their own unique situations and drama, thereby creating a completely original and personalized Three Kingdoms experience.  [KOEI]
EA Sports UFC,Xbox One,Other Sports Games,70,6.3,T,EA Sports,UFC Ultimate Fighting Championship is a mixed martial arts fighting game that uses the new EA Sports Ignite engine. When players beat career mode on pro difficulty or higher, they will unlock Bruce Lee and can test his legacy against the best of the best in the UFC across four different weight classes. 
EA Sports UFC 2,Xbox One,Sports,76,6.0,T,EA Sports,A new physics-driven hit reaction and knockout system delivers more visceral KOs than before. Every knockout is now unique. Simultaneous two-fighter interaction brings the ground game to life with greater responsiveness and variety. Surprise your opponent with a flying armbar from the clinch, or with a quick transition from a knee bar to a heel hook. Standing submissions and submission chaining have been added.  Add an improved blocking and parrying system to the mix and you have new tools to fend off your opponent’s most devastating attacks.
Earth's Dawn,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,NaN,T,One or Eight,The fate of the planet hangs in the balance. Become a member of A.N.T.I., a squad of super-human soldiers powered by alien technology, and fight to reclaim Earth from the alien invasion known as E.B.E. [Xbox.com]
Earthlock: Festival of Magic,Xbox One,Role-Playing,66,7.7,E10+,Snow Castle Games,Desert scavenger Amon soon finds himself in his life's adventure when he crosses paths with a most peculiar creature back home in Zaber. Join Amon and other heroes in this turn-based fantasy RPG, on a journey across the world of Umbra; a mysterious, beautiful but harsh planet that stopped spinning thousands of cycles ago. With a unique set of customizable characters, all with their own personalities and journeys of self-discovery, you will scavenge, explore and fight your way from the everlasting day-side and into the darkness of perpetual night. To save Umbra you must unlock its secrets, expose the shadows, and defeat a growing evil. [Snowcastle]
Electronic Super Joy,Xbox One,Action,77,tbd,M,Michael Todd Games,Visually stunning platforming. Run and jump to pulse-pounding music. Brutally Challenging.
Electronic Super Joy: Hot Sticky Mess,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Michael Todd Games,NaN
Elite Dangerous: Horizons,Xbox One,Simulation,75,6.4,T,Frontier Developments,NaN
Elite: Dangerous,Xbox One,Simulation,80,7.2,T,Frontier Developments,Elite: Dangerous is a massively multiplayer space epic, bringing gaming’s original open world adventure to the modern generation with a connected galaxy, evolving narrative and the entirety of the Milky Way re-created at its full galactic proportions. Starting with only a small starship and a few credits, players do what it takes to earn the skill, knowledge, wealth and power to survive in a futuristic cutthroat galaxy and to stand among the ranks of the iconic Elite. 400 Billion Star Systems. Infinite Freedom. Blaze Your Own Trail. [Xbox.com]
Elite: Dangerous - Arena,Xbox One,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,T,Frontier Developments,NaN
Elite: Dangerous - Commander: Deluxe Edition,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Frontier Developments,NaN
Elite: Dangerous - Standard Edition,Xbox One,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Frontier Developments,NaN
Emily Wants To Play,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,T,SKH Apps,Its 11pm, and you are at the last house on your route. The lights are on, and the front door is opened. But, the windows are all boarded up and the grass is overgrown. It seems like a strange place to deliver a pizza, but at least, it looks like someone is home.
Enigmatis: The Ghosts of Maple Creek,Xbox One,Puzzle,66,7.4,T,Artifex Mundi,Imagine: you wake up in the evening after a powerful storm on a road in a tiny town in the middle of nowhere, with partial short-term memory loss. Thrilling shivers down your spine remind you of dramatic events that took place just before, yet which you have no memory of…
Ethan: Meteor Hunter,Xbox One,Action,44,tbd,E10+,Seaven Studio,'Ethan: Meteor Hunter' is a single-player genre mixing game that blends the very best of platform- and puzzle-gaming. The game features Ethan, a rat with an attitude, who was hit on the head by a meteorite giving him supernatural powers! You, yes you, must guide our rodent hero through 50 levels of challenging fun across 3 unique worlds. Getting struck by space trash does have its advantages! For example, our hero has the power of telekinesis and the ability to freeze time, enabling him to move objects around while the world is on hold; a truly unique feature you will need to overcome a number of difficult puzzles and obstacles.
Eventide: Slavic Fable,Xbox One,Adventure,73,tbd,T,The House Of Fables,Enter the magical world of Slavic myths! Embark on a quest to find a rare plant and save the mysterious creatures, living peacefully in a Heritage Park. Discover evil plans of Boruta and thwart them before it's too late.
EVERSPACE,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,ROCKFISH Games,EVERSPACE is a roguelike 3Dspace shooter for Windows PC.
Evolve,Xbox One,Action,74,5.1,M,Turtle Rock Studios,In a savage world of man vs nature, are you the hunter or the hunted? The creators of Left 4 Dead, Turtle Rock Studios, bring you EVOLVE, the next-generation of multiplayer shooters where four hunters face-off against a single, player-controlled monster. Stalk your prey, execute your attack and prove you are the apex predator in adrenaline-pumping 4V1 matches.
Evolve: The Hunt Evolves,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Turtle Rock Studios,NaN
Evolve: Ultimate Edition,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,6.8,M,Turtle Rock Studios,The product includes: Evolve Base Game, Monster Expansion Pack, Hunting Season 1, and Hunting Season 2.
Exile's End,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,MagneticRealms,NaN
Extreme Exorcism,Xbox One,Action,64,tbd,E10+,Golden Ruby Games,Extreme Exorcism is an action platformer with a spooky twist. You assume the role of Mae Barrons, tiny medium at large who is tasked with ridding a haunted house full of evil spirits. Instead of using seances and crystal balls, Mae uses rocket launchers, swords and a kick-ass arsenal to get her point across. Unfortunately for her, with every ghost she kills, another takes it's place copying everything she did the round before.
F1 2015,Xbox One,Racing,64,5.3,E,Codemasters,Honda returns and once more forges an alliance with McLaren, which also welcomes back Fernando Alonso. Sebastien Vettel moves to Ferrari and, alongside a new generation of exciting young drivers on the grid, will attempt to halt the winning start Mercedes have made in the new era of FORMULA 1. The race calendar for 2015 also features a new circuit, with a return to Mexico for the first time in over 20 years.
F1 2016,Xbox One,Racing,85,7.7,E,Codemasters,Includes the full 2016 season calendar of 21 tracks, including the brand new Baku circuit in Azerbaijan, and the full roster of 22 drivers and 11 teams, including the new Haas F1 Team. F1 2016 immerses you in not only the on-track excitement of a FORMULA ONE career, including the inclusion of the iconic Safety Car and also the Virtual Safety Car for the first time, but also uniquely offers the drama and vehicle development that goes on behind the scenes. Work with your agent, engineer and team to develop your car in the deepest ever career experience, spanning up to ten seasons. Forge your own path to glory, and rise to be the champion. 
Factotum 90,Xbox One,Puzzle,71,5.9,E,TACS Games,In space no one can hear you remotely operate twin quadrupedal deck walker robots. You're in deep space and something's collided with the ship. Main power is offline and you're trapped. It's lucky you have access to this walker control terminal. It's a little old but with these two robots and some clever thinking you might be able to get power back on-line and save the day. Control two walker robots and puzzle your way through 30 levels to restore power, reactivate the life support and solve the mystery of the collision.
Fallout 4,Xbox One,General,88,6.2,M,Bethesda Game Studios,As the sole survivor of Vault 111, you enter a world destroyed by nuclear war. Every second is a fight for survival, and every choice is yours. Only you can rebuild and determine the fate of the Wasteland. Welcome home.
Fallout 4: Automatron,Xbox One,Role-Playing,74,5.7,M,Bethesda Game Studios,The mysterious Mechanist has unleashed a horde of evil robots into the Commonwealth, including the devious Robobrain. Hunt them down and harvest their parts to build and mod your own custom robot companions. Choose from hundreds of mods; mixing limbs, armor, abilities, and weapons like the all-new lightning chain gun. Even customize their paint schemes and choose their voices!
Fallout 4: Contraptions Workshop,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,3.3,NaN,Bethesda Game Studios,Machines that sort! Machines that build! Machines that combine! With Fallout 4 Contraptions, use conveyer belts, scaffolding kits, track kits, even logic gates to construct crazy and complex gadgets to improve your Wasteland settlements. The Contraptions Workshop also includes all-new features like elevators, greenhouse kits, warehouse kits, fireworks, armor racks and more!
Fallout 4: Far Harbor,Xbox One,Role-Playing,78,6.3,M,Bethesda Game Studios,A new case from Valentine’s Detective Agency leads you on a search for a young woman and a secret colony of synths. Travel off the coast of Maine to the mysterious island of Far Harbor, where higher levels of radiation have created a more feral world. Navigate through the growing conflict between the synths, the Children of Atom, and the local townspeople. Will you work towards bringing peace to Far Harbor, and at what cost? Far Harbor features the largest landmass for an add-on that we’ve ever created, filled with new faction quests, settlements, lethal creatures and dungeons. Become more powerful with new, higher-level armor and weapons. The choices are all yours.
Fallout 4: Nuka-World,Xbox One,Role-Playing,75,6.0,NaN,Bethesda Game Studios,Take a trip to Nuka-World, a vast amusement park now a lawless city of Raiders. Explore an all-new region with an open wasteland and park zones like Safari Adventure, Dry Rock Gulch, Kiddie Kingdom and the Galactic Zone. Nuka-World features new quests, Raiders, weapons, creatures and more. Enjoy the ride!
Fallout 4: Vault-Tec Workshop,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,2.7,NaN,Bethesda Game Studios,Build a brighter future underground with the all-new Vault-Tec Workshop. Create a massive Vault and attract new Dwellers using pre-war industrial kits complete with retro-nostalgic furniture, lighting, and art. Even change and customize the look of your inhabitants with new barbershops and cosmetic surgery stations. And like every good Overseer, run Vault-Tec approved experiments on your Dwellers to learn what makes an ideal citizen. Vault-Tec has given you the tools, the rest is up to you!
Fallout 4: Wasteland Workshop,Xbox One,Role-Playing,59,2.2,M,Bethesda Game Studios,With the Wasteland Workshop, design and set cages to capture live creatures – from raiders to Deathclaws! Tame them or have them face off in battle, even against your fellow settlers. The Wasteland Workshop also includes a suite of new design options for your settlements like nixie tube lighting, letter kits, taxidermy and more!
Fantasia: Music Evolved,Xbox One,Rhythm Games,77,7.5,E10+,Harmonix Music Systems,In this game, players enter the magical realms of Fantasia, selected by the legendary sorcerer Yen Sid to hone their musical and magical prowess as his new apprentice. "Fantasia: Music Evolved" takes players on an interactive motion-controlled journey through worlds of music and magic, unleashing their creativity along the way.
Far Cry 4,Xbox One,Action,82,7.5,M,Ubisoft Montreal,Hidden in the towering Himalayas lies a country thick with tradition and violence. You assume the role of Ajay Ghale, returning to the country of your birth, the lush forests and harsh snow-capped summits of Kyrat, to fulfill your mother’s final wish of distributing her ashes. This vast and unpredictable country offers visitors opportunity and danger. You summarily find yourself caught up in a rebellion to subvert the oppressive regime of Pagan Min, a figure notorious as much for his sense of style and charisma as for his cruelty and naked brutality. Navigating the treacherous landscape, you find your fate increasingly determined by the choices you make because in Kyrat, and every second is a story. In Far Cry 4, you’ll conquer fortress outposts from the back of a six-ton elephant and take to the skies as you rain down explosives from your moving perch in the gyrocopter. The vertical landscape of the Himalayas isn’t just a gorgeous backdrop, but a playground that encourages the gamer to scrap, hunt and explore, grappling cliffs or launching into the air, plummeting to the valley below in a controlled free fall with your wing suit. You’ll carry with you a truly unique arsenal of weaponry that lets you play your way, whether it’s sniping, sneaking or all-out assault. When all else fails, animals can be your most important allies or your greatest peril, as Kyrat’s wilderness delivers on the promise of a true open world anecdote factory.
Far Cry 4: Escape from Durgesh Prison,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Ubisoft Montreal,Discover the most diverse Far Cry world ever created. With terrain spanning from lush forests to the snow-capped Himalayas, the entire world is alive…and deadly. Hidden in the towering Himalayas lies Kyrat, a country steeped in tradition and violence. You and a fellow captive have been rounded up and tortured in Yuma’s prison. Escape from the prison and survive the hostile lands of Pagan Min’s Kyrat.
Far Cry 4: Valley of the Yetis,Xbox One,Action,76,7.6,M,Ubisoft Montreal,Players must explore and survive a valley at the top of the Himalayas in Kyrat after Ajay’s helicopter crashes and leaves him stranded on a dangerous ridge. In order to stay alive, players must capture a camp for shelter and guard it from a mysterious cult. But even if successful against the cult, they must keep a lookout for the fabled and extremely dangerous yetis that populate the territory. [Ubisoft]
Far Cry Primal,Xbox One,Action,77,6.3,M,Ubisoft Montreal,The era is the Stone Age, a time of imminent peril and limitless adventure, when giant mammoths and sabretooth tigers rule the globe, and humanity is at the low end of the food chain. As the last survivor of your hunting group, you will learn to build a deadly arsenal, fight off dangerous predators, and outsmart enemy tribes to conquer the land of Oros and become the Apex Predator. You'll assume the role of Takkar, a seasoned hunter and the last surviving member of your group. You have a single goal: survive in a world where you are the hunted. Grow your tribe and sharpen your skills to lead your people, conquer the land of Oros, and become the apex predator. Encounter a cast of memorable characters who can help push back the dangers of the wild. Face enemy tribes who will do anything to eradicate you and your allies. [Ubisoft]
Farming Simulator 15,Xbox One,Simulation,54,7.2,E,Giants Software,Develop and manage your own farm across hundreds of acres of land offered by the new Nordic environment, and a renovated North American farm. Utilize and drive authentic machines and farming tools, from over 40 most famous manufacturers, including vehicles for the new activity in Farming Simulator 15: woodcutting.
Farming Simulator 17,Xbox One,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Giants Software,Farming Simulator 17, developed by Giants Software, invites you into the challenging world of a modern day farmer. Take on all the challenges of farming life, including animal husbandry, crops, sales, and woodcutting. You decide how you want to manage and grow your farm in a huge, open world.
Fat City,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Heavy Iron Studios,Use your cunning and brain power to plan heists and getaways to pull in the big bucks in the city that never sleeps.
Fenix Furia,Xbox One,Action,72,tbd,E,Green Lava Studios,Fenix Rage is a stylish, aggravatingly addictive 2D platformer that will have gamers exclaim in frustration and exult in victory as they navigate through hundreds of palm-sweating levels to reachâ€¦ a cookie?! Best played with patience and a glass of milk.
Fermi's Path,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,GameArt Studio GmbH,In this action-loaded arcade game you play the role of Fermi, a particle on a terrific trip through subatomic space. Driven by the music you have to avoid obstacles and eliminate incoming particles on ever-accelerating levels to crack the top score! After mastering each level you can play it in infinity mode in an open-end highscore.
Fibbage: The Hilarious Bluffing Party Game,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,7.6,T,Jackbox Games, Inc.,Fibbage is the studio’s newest, humor-laden trivia party game. The game challenges players to fool their friends with lies, avoid selecting their friends’ lies, and find the (usually zany) truths to some very unusual facts.
FIFA 14,Xbox One,Soccer,88,5.8,E,EA Canada,Shooting has been transformed. Players now have the intelligence to adjust their stride and approach angle to find the best position for hitting the back of the net. Well-hit balls feel satisfying and goals are rewarding. As well as quality strikes, players can now shoot while off balance or rushed. 
FIFA 15,Xbox One,Sports,82,5.4,E,EA Sports,New to this year's installment, players have memories and will show emotion based on the context of the match. With over 600 new emotional reactions, players now respond to pivotal moments on the pitch – bad tackles, missed chances, epic goals - as they would in real life.  Refined commentary highlights unique fan reactions, while chants and behaviors will be relevant to country or even your club. New bench reactions, side line character animations, 10-man goal celebrations, and more will strive to keep you engaged in the story of the match. Your teammates and opponents now recognize what’s happening in the match and will adjust their tactics just like real players.
FIFA 16,Xbox One,Sports,84,4.4,E,EA Sports,Defend together, win together. Rely on your teammates to cover gaps when you close down an attacker. New defensive AI gives players better awareness of dangerous space on the pitch relative to the ball and their opponent. Your teammates will track back to stop sophisticated attacking runs, and close down angles of attack. 
FIFA 17,Xbox One,Sports,85,5.6,E,EA Sports, EA Vancouver,EA SPORTS FIFA 17 The Journey isa new game mode powered by Frostbite. Immersed in The Journey, fans live their story on and off the pitch as Premier League prospect, Alex Hunter who is looking to make his mark. Fans visit new football worlds, meet new characters full of depth, and navigate emotional highs and lows of their unique story arc through decisions off the pitch, their performance on it, and character interactions throughout the 2016/17 season while playing for any of the 20 Premier League clubs. [Electronic Arts]
Fighter Within,Xbox One,Sports,23,3.0,T,Ubisoft,Unleash your inner fighter to beat your friends with your bare knuckles. Discover Fighter Within, the next-gen game that provides you with the excitement of a real fight, throwing you into a total-body combat experience. Test your real fighting skills thanks to the next gen of motion recognition. Kinect for Xbox One arms the game with realistic fighting moves using 1:1 precision movement tracking. Enter a brutal, physical, and liberating world: Next-gen graphics, real-time wounds, sweat, and facial impacts in extreme arena environments and primal animations… Kinect allows you to dive into a realistic experience and really feel the fight. Enter a world of sweat, timing, and training.
Final Fantasy Type-0 HD,Xbox One,Role-Playing,72,5.8,M,HexaDrive,Experience the epic saga of the eastern lands of Orience. Alternate at will between fourteen characters with unique weapons and abilities.
Final Fantasy XV,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,T,Square Enix,Harmony is realized in this alternate tale of Final Fantasy, developed by Square Enix. Not a sequel nor a prequel to the popular series, Final Fantasy Versus XIII unfolds a wholly independent story in another part of the universe with different characters. Set in a futuristic fantasy world resembling elements of modern day Japanese cities, Final Fantasy Versus XIII revolves around a prince, the last remaining member of a royal family, which controls the last crystal in existence. With two warring nations battling each other for dominance and the last crystal held by the kingdom, you must ensure it remains in the right hands.
Firewatch,Xbox One,Adventure,86,7.0,M,Campo Santo,The year is 1989. You are a man named Henry who has retreated from his messy life to work as a fire lookout in the Wyoming wilderness. Perched high atop a mountain, its your job to look for smoke and keep the wilderness safe. An especially hot, dry summer has everyone on edge. Your supervisor Delilah is available to you at all times over a small, handheld radioyour only contact with the world you've left behind. But when something strange draws you out of your lookout tower and into the forest, youll explore a wild and unknown environment, facing questions and making choices that can build or destroy the only meaningful relationship you have.
Flockers,Xbox One,Puzzle,65,4.9,T,Team 17,Flockers is a modern day take on the classic A to B puzzle genre with a generous helping of dark humour for good measure.
For Honor,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Ubisoft Montreal,For Honor is a competitive third-person melee title which mixes speed, strategy and team play with close range combat. The Chosen has survived a thousand years of wandering the southern deserts. Their journey should have wiped them out hundreds of years ago, but they survived thanks to the skill set and focus of their heroes. These individuals hoe to lead their followers to an improbable victory and to establish a new homeland. Striking fear in their enemies, The Warborn warriors sail across the Boiling Sea to raid the southern coast. Known for their fire and passion, they will seek to drive their enemies out of their ancestral lands. On the shoulders of great heroes, The Legions have driven out invaders, conquered any who wouldn't join them, and established hundreds of others to defend what is theirs. Facing invasion on two fronts, these heroes fight to protect their lands form the heathens who would take it. [Ubisoft]
FORCED,Xbox One,Role-Playing,54,tbd,T,BetaDwarf,"Forced is a one- to four-player co-op arcade action RPG with puzzle and tactical elements. You are cast as slaves in the toughest fantasy gladiator school of them all, condemned to fight as a gladiator and eventually win your freedom. You will face deadly trials and huge creatures, but Balfus, your Spirit Mentor will guide you in your quest for recognition. Features Gladiator campaign with 25 Arenas and 5 Bosses Four Unique Character Classes, with 16 unlockable abilities each Skill focused, all enemy attacks can be evaded, it's your job to figure out how! The Spirit Mentor, an extra party member which players must control together to gain an upper hand over the enemy Survival Arena Mode (more modes coming) Mark Combat System. Apply marks to enemies with your basic attacks, to set them up for devastating special attacks from you or your allies. History Forced started as a student project in a University in Copenhagen. Built from the ground up with cooperation in mind, the game features several innovative features that drive cooperation between players, leaving egotistical players bleeding in the sand of the arena floor."
Forestry 2017: The Simulation,Xbox One,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Joindots,Take control of the tasks of a professional woodcutter and enjoy working in the woods. Control huge machinery, fell the trees, arrange the timber, and comb through your wood. Sell the wood, and earn money to expand your company.
Fortified,Xbox One,Action,69,6.7,T,Clapfoot Inc.,Fortified is a strategy shooter in which players defend the Earth against a menacing Martian invasion in the 1950s. Play as one-of-four pulp inspired heroes as they fight swarms of terrifying robots with an arsenal of Cold War era weapons and experimental technology. Protect the city by building a network of defensive structures, commanding an army, and jumping into battle against dangerous sky scraping attackers. Fight for Earth alone or with up to four players for the ultimate co-op defense experience. [Xbox.com]
Forza Horizon 2,Xbox One,Driving,86,8.2,E10+,Playground Games,Race through a wide-open world featuring dramatic weather and day to night cycles. Connect with friends in this celebration of speed, style, and action-packed driving. Explore exotic locations in more than 200 of the world’s greatest cars.
Forza Horizon 2 Presents Fast & Furious,Xbox One,Racing,61,8.1,E10+,Playground Games,For the first time , the Forza experience is combining with the Fast & Furious movie franchise to create an original expansion pack adventure filled with high-speed automotive action.
Forza Horizon 2: Storm Island,Xbox One,Driving,82,7.4,E10+,Playground Games,The Storm Island expansion brings more beauty, more challenge, and more ways to compete with and against opponents.
Forza Horizon 3,Xbox One,Racing,91,8.3,E,Playground Games,You are now in charge of the Horizon Festival. Customize everything, hire and fire your friends, and explore Australia in over 350 of the world’s greatest cars. Make your Horizon the ultimate celebration of cars, music, and freedom of the open road. How you get there is up to you. With the new Horizon Blueprint feature, you have the power to create and instantly share your custom gameplay. You can even hire friends to star in your festival and win you more fans. If they’re not winning you fans, fire them. Danger Sign Jumps, Convoys, Drift Zones, and Showcase events that pit you and against a fleet of speedboats, a giant zeppelin, and more. Select your own driver character, customize your cars, create vanity license plates – even choose your own horn sound. Drive to the music you love choosing from eight diverse radio stations, or create a custom station using your own music collection. In addition to 12-player online free roam and multiplayer racing, all-new 4-player online co-op allows you and your friends to enjoy the variety, competition, and rewards of a Horizon campaign together for the first time. [Xbox.com]
Forza Motorsport 5,Xbox One,Racing,79,5.9,E,Turn 10,By learning how you and your compatriots drive, the utility of the cloud delivers real human behavior. Drivatar technology creates an evolving network of opponents who are consistently ready to take up the wheel. Real tendencies, real mistakes, real victories. Truly feel what it is like to own the world’s most exotic cars in an experience that brings you very close to the history, craftsmanship and potential of every car in the game.
Forza Motorsport 6,Xbox One,Driving,87,7.9,E,Turn 10,More than 450 cars all carefully recreated and customizable, and complete with working cockpits and full damage. Tour twenty-six world-famous locales including Daytona, Le Mans, and more. 2-player split-screen racing, 24-player races, and realistic Drivatar opponents deliver packed tracks and action.
Forza Motorsport 6 NASCAR Expansion,Xbox One,Racing,No score yet,5.5,NaN,Turn 10,The NASCAR Expansion brings the thrills of stock car racing to the world stage. Featuring 24 new cars from the 2016 season, an all-new career mode, updated gameplay mechanics, and a new destination, the NASCAR Expansion lets you experience the power of NASCAR as only Forza Motorsport 6 can deliver.
Fragments of Him,Xbox One,Adventure,71,tbd,M,Sassybot,NaN
FreezeME,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Rainy Night Creations,A 3D Platformer inspired by the 90s classics, but wait there is a twist!
Frizzy,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Team Frizz,Frizzy is a tiny ball of dirt and fur. Within this late 90's retro art style setting, the player must solve puzzles while simultaneously moving in an intense platforming environment utilizing gravity and sandbox mechanics. Frizzy can static cling to special objects called balloons, which fling Frizzy around each level.
Frozen Free Fall: Snowball Fight,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,2.8,E,SuperVillain Studios,Turn your living room into an epic puzzle matching battle in Frozen Free Fall: Snowball Fight, featuring 195 free levels and a new local multiplayer mode. Challenge your friends & family to a Snowball Fight where you dodge and throw snowballs by creating cascading combos. Unleash power-ups and progress through challenging levels to unlock new characters and more puzzles.
FRU,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,84,6.9,E,Through Games,FRU is a puzzle platformer featuring an innovative use of Kinect, in which your silhouette becomes a "portal" between two worlds. You find yourself solving puzzles by strategically positioning your body, combining physical interaction with traditional platforming. Every level can be solved in multiple ways, with different poses. [Xbox.com]
Fruit Ninja Kinect 2,Xbox One,General,69,8.7,E,Halfbrick Studios,Your arms are weapons. Use your body to slice fruit as it flies across the screen. Dodge spotlights, throw shurikens and strike ninja poses.
Full Mojo Rampage,Xbox One,Role-Playing,79,tbd,T,Over the Top Games,Welcome to the world of Full Mojo Rampage where you get to control a Voodoo keeper throughout his adventures. As the player you'll need to guide him safely through each level whilst hunting for voodoo dolls and mojos. These mojos can be found throughout the game in the form of amulets and trinkets that bring him strength and luck. They also unleash an array of other powers that you can craft to your own advantage in order to truly master the terrible powers of Voodoo.
Funk of Titans,Xbox One,Action,43,4.2,T,A Crowd of Monsters,Funk of Titans was developed by the indie developer A Crowd of Monsters, and is a fast-paced side-scrolling platformer in which you are tasked to defeat the Music Titans in the name of funk by Zeus himself.  As Perseus (wielder of Funk-Fu) you will accomplish this difficult task via 40+ levels through 3 different worlds of music: Pop, Rap, and Rock. The Pagan Titans and Music Gods stand in your way, so grab your knife, steel your heart, and let's get funky.
G Prime Into The Rain,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Soma Games,Explore the vast uncharted mystery of The Rain, a solar-system spanning shock wave of gas and dust from far, far away. In your role as sounding officer onboard Ptolemy Station you configure and drive sub-etheric reconnaissance rockets into increasingly challenging fields where Iceteroids, theophosphorus and quicksand clouds make your mission much more work than your employers led you to believe… [Xbox.com]
Game of Thrones: A Telltale Games Series,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,7.3,M,Telltale Games,Telltale's series is founded in the world, characters and events seen in HBO’s television show, which in turn is based on George R. R. Martin’s books (A Song of Ice and Fire).
Game of Thrones: Episode Five - A Nest of Vipers,Xbox One,Action,72,6.9,M,Telltale Games,In this penultimate episode, the actions of every Forrester are vital to the survival of the house. Rodrik's alliance with House Glenmore, and his defiance of the Whitehills, has drawn the ire of an even greater threat: Ramsay Snow. Far across the Narrow Sea in Essos, with Meereen now a free city, Asher is close to securing the army he desperately needs to return home, and save his family. In King's Landing, Mira's activities at Tommen's coronation have not escaped the attention of Margaery Tyrell, and Cersei has realized that the handmaiden may prove useful in her political games. Finally, beyond the Wall, Gared's unlikely allies are reluctant to help in the search for the North Grove... but this far into the frozen wilds, Crows and Free Folk have a common enemy; and winter is coming.
Game of Thrones: Episode Four - Sons of Winter,Xbox One,Action,80,7.1,M,Telltale Games,In this fourth episode, the fate of the scattered Forresters hangs in the balance, and no one allied with the family is considered to be safe. An unexpected meeting offers Rodrik a new opportunity to free Ironrath from its Whitehill stranglehold, but with young Ryon Forrester still imprisoned, his next moves are critical. Gared must abandon Castle Black and venture beyond the Wall in search of the mysterious North Grove, risking encounters with Wildlings and worse. In King's Landing, the population is reeling from a recent royal death, and Mira must step carefully in an increasingly complex game of politics where secrets are traded as currency. Far away in Essos, Asher infiltrates the slave city of Meereen at the behest of Daenerys Targaryen, but will the friendship he holds dear break under the strain of a mission that raises memories best forgotten? [Telltale Games]
Game of Thrones: Episode One - Iron From Ice,Xbox One,Action,80,8.0,M,Telltale Games,Episode 1 - Iron From Ice. The series is based on the world, characters and events seen in HBO’s television show, which in turn is based on George R. R. Martin’s books (A Song of Ice and Fire). The events in the game series begin towards the end of Season 3 of the television show and end just before the beginning of Season 5. You'll traverse familiar locations such as King’s Landing and The Wall, as well as unfamiliar locations such as Ironrath, the home of House Forrester.
Game of Thrones: Episode Six - The Ice Dragon,Xbox One,Action,80,8.0,M,Telltale Games,Your chronicle is about to come to a conclusion. With House Whitehill tightening its grip on Ironrath at the behest of Ramsay Bolton, the remaining Forresters need to give their all to save the family, whether through diplomacy, subterfuge, or violent force. In the frozen wilds beyond The Wall, Gared learns the secrets of the mysterious North Grove, and Mira discovers that political games in a King's Landing controlled by Cersei Lannister often involve the highest stakes of all. What is the fate of House Forrester? When you play the Game of Thrones, you win or you die. Your choices, your story: you decide. [Telltale Games]
Game of Thrones: Episode Three - The Sword in the Darkness,Xbox One,Action,80,7.8,M,Telltale Games,Asher, the exile, proceeds to Mereen in search of an army to take on the Whitehills. Meanwhile in Westeros, Mira must deal with the lethal politics of King’s Landing. [Telltale Games]
Game of Thrones: Episode Two - The Lost Lords,Xbox One,Action,76,7.7,M,Telltale Games,The Lost Lords is the second of six installments in the Game of Thrones: A Telltale Games Series.
Gas Guzzlers Extreme,Xbox One,Simulation,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Iceberg Interactive,Gas Guzzlers Extreme is an action-packed, fast paced racing game with insane combat features. The game features a variety of cars, from humble superminis, to full on giant yank tanks! The player starts with a low performance vehicle and gradually works their way up by earning money through a series of uniquely challenging races.
Gear Gauntlet,Xbox One,Action,69,6.8,E,Drop Dead Interactive,Gear Gauntlet is a rage inducing 2D action arcade game from Drop Dead Interactive. Test your patience through ever more punishing gauntlets while boosting, teleporting, reversing and rotating to survive. Use your reflexes to break through coloured barriers and earn your place on the leaderboard. [Xbox.com]
Gears of War 4,Xbox One,Sci-Fi,85,6.6,M,The Coalition,A new saga begins. After narrowly escaping an attack on their village, JD Fenix and his friends, Kait and Del, must rescue the ones they love and discover the source of a monstrous new enemy. Engage in a two-player co-op campaign with friends locally via split-screen, over Xbox Live or LAN. Player 2 can select either Kait or Del. Team up with four others and battle wave after wave of increasingly difficult enemies by choosing your combat class, leveling up your skills and deploying fortifications anywhere on the map. Compete online in new and favorite game types, all at 60fps on dedicated servers. A new visible ranking system means fairer matchmaking for social, competitive and professional players alike. [Xbox.com]
Gears of War: Ultimate Edition,Xbox One,Action,82,7.5,M,Splash Damage, The Coalition,The shooter has been remastered in 1080P and modernized for Xbox One, and is augmented with new content including five campaign chapters never released on Xbox.
Gemini: Heroes Reborn,Xbox One,Action Adventure,63,6.2,T,Phosphor Games,Gemini is a first person action-adventure that allows users to enter into the role of Cassandra, age 20. She is a young woman on a journey of discovery in which she will unlock incredible powers - unique in the Heroes Universe - and solve a mystery in her past. She will be reunited with her long missing family, but not in the way she ever expected.
Gems of War,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,4.8,T,Pipeworks Software, Inc.,From the creators of Puzzle Quest, play the new Puzzle/RPG/Strategy mash-up, GEMS OF WAR! Battle against epic bosses or other players. In Gems of War, you battle your foes not just with swords and sorcery, but with a puzzle board! Match gems to power your spells, and match skulls to smite your enemies!
Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions,Xbox One,Action,82,7.7,E,Lucid Games,Over fifty single player levels including Adventure and Classic Arcade modes. 3D grids and over ten battle modes including Pacifism, King and Claustrophobia. Four distinct companion drones such as Attack, Collector, Ram and Snipe. Co-op and Online Competitive Multiplayer modes.
Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions Evolved,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Lucid Games,Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions Evolved includes all of the content & features from Geometry Wars 3: Dimensions and more: -Over 100 total levels including 40 all-new -Classic games modes in HD -15 3D grids including 5 all-new and 12 battle modes including Pacifism, King, Claustrophobia and 4 all-new modes -6 unique companion drones including Attack, Collect, Ram, Snipe, Defend and the all-new Sweep drone -New “Hardcore” mode for Geometry Wars purists with no drones or supers and a separate leaderboard -Cooperative and Online Competitive Multiplayer modes -Community and Friend Leaderboards
Ghostbusters,Xbox One,Action,32,0.3,E10+,Activision,Have you and your friends been experiencing paranormal activity? Grab your Proton Pack and join the Ghostbusters as you explore Manhattan, blasting ghosts, and trapping those runaway ghouls.
Giana Sisters: Dream Runners,Xbox One,Action,32,4.7,E,Black Forest Games,In Giana Sisters: Dream Runners, Giana competes with herself. But now she’s not only cute and punk… there’s more. Two more to be exact.
Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams - Director's Cut,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,7.9,E,Black Forest Games,Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is a challenging fast-paced platformer with a twist. Players can warp Giana's dream into a nightmarish world of wonder, changing her abilities and interactions. Players must use their skills, speed, brains, and powers to defeat the dangers that populate her twisted dreams!
Ginger: Beyond the Crystal,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Badland Games,NaN
Goat Simulator,Xbox One,Simulation,53,6.3,T,Coffee Stain Studios,Goat Simulator is the latest in goat simulation technology, bringing next-gen goat simulation to YOU. You no longer have to fantasize about being a goat, your dreams have finally come true.
Goat Simulator: Mmore Goatz Edition,Xbox One,Simulation,62,tbd,T,Coffee Stain Studios,Mmore Goatz Edition brings exactly what youd expect; more goats than ever previously thought possible in the biggest goat simulation experience of all time! Next-gen MMO simulation allows you to be a simulated goat in a simulated MMO. You no longer have to fantasize about being a simulated goat in a simulated MMO, your dreams have finally come true! Experience faction warfare between goats and sheep in an MMO simulation so good youll think its real. For all of the aspiring zombies out there, you can now be a zombie goat in the middle of a zombie apocalypse! Key Features
Goat Simulator: The Bundle,Xbox One,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Coffee Stain Studios,NaN
Gone Home: Console Edition,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,4.0,M,The Fullbright Company, Midnight City,The oldest daughter of the Greenbriar family returns after a year abroad. She expects her parents and sister to greet her. Instead she finds only an empty house, filled with secrets. Where is everyone? And what's happened here? Find out for yourself in Gone Home, a first-person game entirely about exploration, mystery and discovery. The house is yours to explore as you see fit. Open any drawer or door to investigate what's inside. Piece together the mysteries from notes and clues woven into the house itself. Discover the story of a year in the life of the Greenbriar family. Dig deeper. Go home again.
Goosebumps: The Game,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,WayForward,The walk home from school today is gonna be a lot spookier than usual. Your sleepy neighborhood’s been overrun by monsters. Werewolves prowl the woods, Gnomes roam underfoot, and scarecrows walk at midnight. But these aren’t ordinary monsters—they’re R.L. Stine’s famous Goosebumps monsters, released from their books and looking to wreak havoc.
Grand Theft Auto Online,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,6.4,NaN,Rockstar North,Grand Theft Auto Online is a dynamic and persistent open world for 16 players that begins by sharing content and mechanics with Grand Theft Auto V, but continues to expand and evolve with content created by Rockstar and other players. Taking the fundamental concepts of open-world freedom, ambient activity and mission-based gameplay and making them available to multiple players in an incredibly dynamic online world, we offer players the freedom to explore alone or work cooperatively with friends to complete missions. Residents of Los Santos band together to participate in activities and ambient events, or compete in traditional game modes with the entire community, all with the personality and refined mechanics of Grand Theft Auto V.
Grand Theft Auto V,Xbox One,Action Adventure,97,7.9,M,Rockstar North,Grand Theft Auto 5 melds storytelling and gameplay in unique ways as players repeatedly jump in and out of the lives of the game's three protagonists, playing all sides of the game's interwoven story.
Grim Legends: The Forsaken Bride,Xbox One,Puzzle,74,tbd,T,Artifex Mundi,Enter an enchanting world of legends and magic, where your destiny was written in blood and whispers of true love.
Grow Up,Xbox One,Action Adventure,74,7.8,E,Ubisoft Reflections,BUD, an adorable yet clumsy, stumbling, tumbling robot. Spaceship wreckage scattered across an entire planet of abundant alien flora and thrusting star plants. A distant moon with your spacecraft’s beating heart yearning to be rescued. A fantastical acrobatic adventure in a world that’s as challenging as it is beautiful. Welcome to Grow Up.
Gryphon Knight Epic,Xbox One,Action,61,tbd,E10+,Cyber Rhino Studios,Gryphon Knight Epic is a 2D Medieval Shoot’em up currently in development for Windows, MAC & Linux. Mixing elements from classical shoot’em ups, exploration and duel-like boss battles, it tells the story of Sir Oliver and Áquila, an accomplished knight and his loyal gryphon that are forced back to adventure once again.
Guacamelee! Super Turbo Championship Edition,Xbox One,Action,88,7.0,E10+,DrinkBox Studios,Guacamelee! is a Metroid-vania style action-platformer set in a magical Mexican inspired world. The game draws its inspiration from traditional Mexican culture and folklore, and features many interesting and unique characters. Guacamelee builds upon the classic open-world Metroid-vania style of games, by adding a strong melee combat component, a new dimension switching mechanic, and cooperative same-screen multiplayer for the entire story. The game also blurs the boundaries between combat and platforming by making many of the moves useful and necessary for both of these.
Guitar Hero Live,Xbox One,Action,81,5.1,T,FreeStyleGames,Guitar Hero Live mode inserts you onstage, looking out: you get a first-person perspective as a real crowd reacts to the notes you play. Or switch over to GHTV - a playable music video network, where you can play along in real time, discover new music, and challenge friends around the world. 
Guns, Gore & Cannoli,Xbox One,Action,69,7.8,T,Claeys Brothers Arts,Guns, Gore & Cannoli is a Tarantino-esque homage to the exploitation/grindhouse films from the 70ies, the gangster classics, and the old school 2D arcade shooters.
Gunscape,Xbox One,Action,60,tbd,T,Blowfish Studios,Create, play and share your own FPS experiences. Mash-up your favourite classics into something amazing!
GunWorld 2,Xbox One,Action,59,4.5,E10+,M07 Games,The sequel no one asked for, to the game that nobody liked! The Exaction Faction, an intergalactic troupe of super heroes, has come to arrest President Eagle! Explore GunWorld to level up, collect new gear, and hunt down the Faction members in this retro-inspired action/platformer/RPG hybrid.
GunWorld: Xbox One Edition,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,M07 Games,Plant seeds to grow guns! GunWorld is a love letter to 8-bit action games, it's an homage to everything great about classic game design and action heroes of the 1980s! An emphasis on high challenge and non-linear progression means GunWorld: Xbox One Edition is not for the faint of heart. Players will be challenged to complete a series of levels in any order they choose, unlocking new weaponry as they do. With each new piece of equipment additional options present themselves, encouraging experimentation and repeated level runs.
Hack, Slash & Backstab,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,E,MAGIC Spell Studios,Hack, Slash & Backstab is a 1 - 4 player arcade dungeon crawler with a twist! Work together as warrior, rogue, wizard and archer to survive a dangerous world. But only one player will be crowned the winner: it becomes a fight to the death, as betrayal and backstab become the tools of choice.
Halo 5: Guardians,Xbox One,Action,84,6.5,T,343 Industries,Peace has been devastated as colony worlds are unexpectedly attacked. What's more, when humanity's greatest hero goes missing, a new Spartan is assigned the task of hunting the Master Chief and solving a mystery that threatens the whole of the galaxy.
Halo Wars 2,Xbox One,Strategy,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Creative Assembly,Halo Wars 2 is a strategy game packed with fast-paced action, massive battles, and an all-new Halo story. Developed by Creative Assembly, a SEGA company and the creators of the popular “Total War™” series, in partnership with 343 Industries.
Halo: Spartan Assault,Xbox One,Action,53,4.4,T,Vanguard, 343 Industries,Enlist as a Spartan soldier and sharpen your tactical skills in battle. Set between the events of "Halo 3" and "Halo 4," Halo: Spartan Assault, developed by 343 Industries in conjunction with Vanguard Games, is a new chapter within the Halo universe. Spanning over 30 missions in vibrant, dangerous worlds, dive deeper into the backstory of Human-Covenant wars, the origins of the Spartan Ops program, and unravel a chilling mystery in Operation Hydra. Play through the eyes of either Commander Sarah Palmer or Spartan Davis stationed aboard the UNSC Infinity as they fight never-before-seen battles against Covenant forces. You can also join with a fellow Spartan on Xbox Live, in battle against the Flood.
Halo: The Master Chief Collection,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,85,7.3,M,343 Industries,The Master Chief's complete story available one console. Features a re-mastered Halo 2: Anniversary, along with Halo: Combat Evolved Anniversary, Halo 3, and Halo 4, new digital series, Halo: Nightfall, and access to the Halo 5: Guardians Beta.
Hand of Fate,Xbox One,Role-Playing,80,7.4,T,Defiant Development,In Hand of Fate, players collect equipment, items, artifacts and enemies as in-game collectible cards in a card based RPG; then play their deck, bringing to video game life a beautiful 3D world in which gamers make difficult decisions.  Sometimes their choices have unexpected consequences and players must crush their foes utilizing a third person action-adventure combat system. The more bosses a player defeats, the more cards they obtain.
Handball 16,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,EKO Software,Play with all your favorite teams in Handball 16, the first handball simulation. Discover a realistic game system, using a new physics and rendering engine, and enjoy fully redesigned controls for a more accessible game experience. Use all the real handball moves and tactics: the spin shot, hip shot, fake, dodge and jump shot. Play with all 68 teams from the three biggest European leagues, with all the players, kits and official statistics of the 2015-2016 season. Learn how to play with a help system that adapts to your play style and evolves as you progress.
Handball 17,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Bigben Interactive,NaN
Happy Dungeons,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,T,Toylogic Inc.,Cut loose in Happy Dungeons with three little minions and up to four of your lunatic friends to get your dose of Happiness!   Vibrant graphics. Bizarre world. And co-op high-speed action.
Happy Wars,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,7.1,T,Toylogic Inc.,Happy Wars is a casual multi-player action game in which a large number of players control comical characters in fun battles. In a variety of fantasy battlefields including grasslands, a dark world, and the ocean floor, players can control any of 3 types of characters: warrior, mage, and cleric. Cooperate with friends to enjoy action on the grand scale, casting magic spells, attacking castles, and so on. For off-line fun, the player can take on missions in the solo campaign mode.
Hard Reset Redux,Xbox One,Action,67,6.6,M,Flying Wild Hog,An action-focused and hardcore single-player shooter which embraces the paradigmatic qualities that the genre has it offer. It includes over-the-top destruction, myriads of enemies, weapon variety, a challenging campaign and a cyberpunk setting.
Hasbro Family Fun Pack,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Ubisoft,Hasbro Family Fun Pack is a brand-new compilation of endless fun. Family game nights have been reinvented, providing hours of entertainment with four classic titles. With modern twists and exciting new ways to play, your favorite Hasbro games have never been more enjoyable!
HAWKEN,Xbox One,Action,73,6.4,T,Reloaded Games Inc., Reloaded Games,Hawken is a multiplayer mech combat game. The focus is on creating an intense and enjoyable battle experience that captures the feeling of piloting a heavy war machine while keeping the action fast-paced and strategic.
Heart&Slash,Xbox One,Action,68,7.4,E10+,AHEARTFULOFGAMES,NaN
HeartZ: Co-Hope Puzzles,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Upper Byte,NaN
Hitman,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,M,Io Interactive,HITMAN empowers players to perform contract hits on powerful, high-profile targets in exotic locations around the globe, from Paris and sunny coast of Italy to the dust and hustle of the markets in Marrakesh in this stealth action title. Gameplay centers on taking out targets in vast sandbox levels with complete freedom of approach. Where to go, when to attack and who to kill is at your discretion.
Hitman - Episode 2: Sapienza,Xbox One,Action Adventure,79,6.3,NaN,Io Interactive,The 2nd installment of HITMAN finds Agent 47 traveling to the beautiful, sun-drenched coastal town of Sapienza, Italy. This episode adds a new story mission, new challenges, new weapons and gear, the Italian suit and of course new targets, opportunities and disguises.
Hitman - Episode 3: Marrakesh,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,6.7,NaN,Io Interactive,Hitman Episode 3: Marrakesh presents players with a range of new in-game Challenges and Opportunities that keep them busy along with an entirely new setting for Escalation Contracts and Elusive Targets.
Hitman - Episode 4: Bangkok,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,8.3,NaN,Io Interactive,While Agent 47 is quite the jet-setter, he rarely chooses to travel for pleasure. 47 is most certainly all work and no play. And so it is that he finds himself traveling to Thailand to bask in the natural beauty of exotic gardens, explore the Himmapan luxury hotel and resort’s exquisite interiors; and most importantly, take care of business. [Square Enix]
Hitman - Episode 5: Colorado,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,9.7,NaN,Io Interactive,In HITMAN Episode 5: Colorado, Agent 47 takes on his toughest assignment yet; an intense infiltration mission on a farm compound that has been converted into a private militia training camp. The story mission for Episode 5 is titled “Freedom Fighters” and is not one to be taken lightly. [Square Enix]
Hitman - Episode 6: Hokkaido,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Io Interactive,The Season Finale for HITMAN Season One features a mission called “Situs Inversus” and is the culmination of everything players will have learnt in terms of both gameplay and story. The Hokkaido location is set within the grounds of the hyper-exclusive GAMA private hospital and resort. This secluded facility is a fusion of Japanese beauty and cutting-edge technology, featuring its own Zen gardens, organic sushi restaurant and traditional Japanese hot spring. Agent 47 must locate two targets in this climactic Season Finale. 
Hitman - Intro Pack,Xbox One,Action Adventure,75,4.1,NaN,Io Interactive,With the Intro Pack, you'll get an introduction to the world of HITMAN, with the Prologue and Paris episode. You'll get full access to Contracts Mode, Escalation Mode, elusive targets and all other live content.
Hitman: Summer Bonus Episode,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Io Interactive,The Summer Bonus Episode consists of two separate ICA missions which catalogue Agent 47’s first trips to both Sapienza and Marrakesh. This Episode is not part of the story arc of HITMAN, being previous ICA missions they are set apart from the main story.
Homefront - The Voice of Freedom,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Deep Silver Dambuster Studios,Assume the role of Benjamin Walker, hero of the Resistance and the most wanted man in America. Now you are risking everything to infiltrate Philadelphia and ignite a revolution that will sweep the KPA out of America on a tide of bloody vengeance.
Homefront: The Revolution,Xbox One,Modern,49,4.0,M,Deep Silver Dambuster Studios,Coming to Xbox One, the all-in-one games and entertainment system from Microsoft, PlayStation 4, PC, Mac and Linux in 2015, Homefront: The Revolution throws players into a near future dystopia. Catastrophic events have brought the United States to its knees and enabled the Korean People's Army forces to impose a brutal military occupation. Trapped in this American nightmare, Philadelphia has become a police state, where surveillance drones and armored patrols keep her once-proud citizens at heel, crushing any dissent with totalitarian force.
HoPiKo,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Merge Games,The evil Nanobyte virus is out, gaming is over... It’s time to hook up your power gloves and save your HoPiKo brothers!
Horse Racing 2016,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,2.0,E,Yash Future Tech Solutions Pvt Ltd,NaN
How to Survive: Storm Warning Edition,Xbox One,Action Adventure,71,6.1,M,EKO Software,Survive on a zombie infested archipelago, satisfy your basic needs of food, water and shelter while facing natural and unnatural threats. An eccentric survival guide teaches you to craft dozens of weapons and tools: from fishing rods or bows, to chainsaws or explosives. Seven islands filled with exuberant flora and fauna.
Hue,Xbox One,Puzzle,78,8.0,E,Fiddlesticks Games,Hue is a puzzle-platformer, where you alter the world by changing its background colour. You explore a dangerous grey land, unearthing coloured fragments on a journey to find your missing mother. As obstacles match the background, they disappear, creating new puzzles - full of peril, mystery… and colours unseen. [Xbox.com]
Hyper Light Drifter,Xbox One,Role-Playing,76,5.4,T,Heart Machine,Explore a beautiful, vast and ruined world riddled with unknown dangers and lost technologies. Inspired by nightmares and dreams alike. 
Hyper Void,Xbox One,Action,66,tbd,E10+,IN|FRAMEZ TECHNOLOGY CORP.,Punch your way through waves and waves of enemies from all races in the universe as you travel through volatile and crazy wormholes, all rendered in high-quality 3D with a heart-pumping progressive soundtrack. Over 25 levels are awaiting you, filled with challenge and dangerous big boss encounters. And if that wasn't enough, three EPIC boss showdowns will test every space combat skill you have.
Hyperdrive Massacre,Xbox One,Action,73,8.6,E,34BigThings,Jump in a space Cadillac and frag your way to victory against your friends, or fight the vicious AI to unlock the full crews roster, in the a couch multiplayer neon fragfest for next-gen.
I, Zombie,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Awesome Games Studio,NaN
In Between,Xbox One,Action,68,7.2,T,Gentlymad,In Between is an atmospheric, award-winning platformer where you solve mind-bending puzzles by manipulating your surroundings and gravity itself. Dive into the dense atmosphere of this hand painted game while exploring the reason why you are here. Welcome to a world In Between!
In Space We Brawl: Full Arsenal Edition,Xbox One,Action,49,tbd,E,Forge Reply,In Space We Brawl is a frantic couch twin-stick shooter in which you challenge friends in fast-paced space battles for up to 4 players.
Infinity Runner,Xbox One,Action,44,tbd,T,Wales Interactive Ltd.,The Infinity is the grandest spaceship ever built by mankind; thrust into the void of space to secure humanity a new home among the stars. However, instead of discovering paradise, the inhabitants of The Infinity unlocked the door to a long-forgotten nightmare.
INSIDE,Xbox One,Action,92,8.2,M,PLAYDEAD,Hunted and alone, a boy finds himself drawn into the center of a dark project. The second game from Limbo developer Playdead.
Inside My Radio,Xbox One,Action,62,tbd,E10+,Seaven Studio,Journey as a green LED mysteriously trapped inside a dying boombox and play the ultimate musical experience. In this rhythmic platform adventure where your every action needs to be right on the beat, bring electro, dub and disco music back to life.
Interpol,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TikGames, LLC,NaN
Into the Belly of the Beast,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,Lucky Brograms,An action-adventure game in which you jump into the role of Sploosh, a sea worm who is heading out to bring back his children who were swallowed by a huge sea monster. On your journey through the diverse and unique locations inside its body, you have to make use of the given properties of this special environment to solve numerous puzzles. [Xbox.com]
Ironcast,Xbox One,Puzzle,78,tbd,E10+,Dreadbit,Ironcast is a game of steampunk mech combat, set in a fictional version of the Victorian Era. Inspired by science fiction writers such as H.G. Wells and Jules Verne, Ironcast is set in an exciting alternative history; a time when refined men and women in top hats and bonnets commanded gigantic walking war machines, laying waste to the enemies of the British Empire!
Jet Car Stunts,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,True Axis,Feel the thrill of supersonic racing, miles above the ground! Drive a Jet Car, a hybrid between a racing car and a jet plane, and race your way through the most devious tracks full of jumps, loops, free falls and sharp turns. Use your jet engine to perform mile-long jumps, find shortcuts and new paths and challenge the best racers around the world! Always at the edge of control, never sure if you are going to make the next turn, with breath-taking jumps... Jet Car Stunts is the most thrilling racing experience of the year. Packed with improved tracks, new cars and new game modes, this is the definitive version of Jet Car Stunts on any platform!
Joe Dever's Lone Wolf Console Edition,Xbox One,Adventure,71,tbd,T,Forge Reply,Lone Wolf is back in video game form with a brand-new story and a deep combat system. Acclaimed author Joe Dever played an active role in the development of the game and his new narrative follows on from his classic 1980’s gamebook, shedding a new light on Lone Wolf’s world, Magnamund. The Console Edition includes all 4 acts of the story. Are you ready to write your own destiny?
Jotun: Valhalla Edition,Xbox One,Action,73,tbd,T,Thunder Lotus Games,In Jotun, you play Thora, a Norse warrior who has died an inglorious death and must face the challenges of Viking purgatory to prove herself to the Gods and enter Valhalla.
JumpJet Rex,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,TreeFortress Games,JumpJet Rex is a punishing, old school 2-Dplatformer where players take control of a Tyrannosaurus Rex with extraterrestrial jump boots to save dino-kind from extinction by a giant asteroid.
Just Cause 3,Xbox One,Sci-Fi,71,7.0,M,Avalanche Studios,Set in the bucolic Mediterranean island republic of Medici, a land crumbling under the brutal rule of General Di Ravello, you assume control of franchise's hero Rico Rodriguez, a man on a mission to liberate his homeland and the people of Medici...by any means necessary. With over four hundred square miles of utter freedom from sky to seabed and a massive arsenal of weaponry, gadgets and vehicles, prepare to unleash chaos in the most creative and explosive ways you can dream up.
Just Cause 3: Air, Land, & Sea Expansion Pass,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Avalanche Studios,The Air, Land and Sea Expansion Pass includes 3 incredible DLC packs and exclusive Flame Wingsuit and Parachute Skins, which no fan will want to miss!
Just Cause 3: Bavarium Sea Heist,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Avalanche Studios,NaN
Just Cause 3: Mech Land Assault,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Avalanche Studios,Mech Land Assault takes Rico Rodriques to the island of Lacrima, home to an abandoned eDen research facility and a prison camp ran by mysterious “Black Hand”. The island is defended by powerful Mechs so Rico will need the new Bavarium Power Core rifle to disable their shield and hijack them. Once Rico is inside he can use their powerful cannons and new GRIP Gravity Guns to hurls and mash the enemy into pieces.
Just Cause 3: Sky Fortress,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Avalanche Studios,Just Cause 3: Sky Fortress is the first PDLC pack from the Air, Land & Sea Expansion pass. Be the master of the skies with Rico's all new and fully armed, Bavarium Wingsuit. Save Medici from the threat of the terrifying Sky Fortress and its army of deadly robotic drones. This content pack includes new missions, challenges, the "Bavarium Splitter" assault rifle and the "Evictor" personal defence drone, all of which can be carried over into the main game.
Just Cause 3: XL Edition,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,NaN,The Air, Land and Sea Pass includes 3 incredible DLC packs and exclusive Flame Wingsuit and Parachute Skins, which no fan will want to miss!
Just Dance 2014,Xbox One,Rhythm Games,71,7.0,E10+,Ubisoft,Just Dance 2014, the sequel to Just Dance 4, brings all new moves with features for every motion control platform and over 40 of the hottest tracks and dances.
Just Dance 2015,Xbox One,Action,70,7.5,E10+,Ubisoft,Since its launch in 2009, the Just Dance franchise has become the world’s top selling dance video game and a mainstay of popular culture. And the game is back again this year with Just Dance 2015, bringing hot moves and new features to 40+ current hit songs and throwback favorite tunes. Let loose with friends and family by dancing to hit songs like “Happy” by Pharrell Williams and “Burn” by Ellie Goulding. Staying true to the Just Dance personality, there are also legendary favorites like “Walk This Way” by Run DMC & Aerosmith and a chance to dance to Tetris moves!  Get ready for this year’s fun and quirky dance moves that have something for everyone in your family or group of friends.
Just Dance 2016,Xbox One,Action,66,6.1,E10+,Ubisoft,Bust some moves to "Uptown Funk" by Mark Ronson ft. Bruno Mars and feel the beats in "All About That Bass" by Meghan Trainor.
Just Dance 2017,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Ubisoft Paris,Grab your friends and family because it's time to dance! The biggest music video game franchise of all time is back, with over 60 million units sold. Just Dance 2017 brings you over 40 new tracks, six game modes, updated content all year long and access to 200+ songs through Just Dance Unlimited! 
Just Dance: Disney Party 2,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Ubisoft,Dance like the personalities from popular Disney Channel shows and movies.
Just Sing,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Ubisoft,Featuring a tracklist, including smash hits from Sia, Justin Bieber, Meghan Trainor, and more, you'll always be in tune. With the free Just Sing Companion app, your smartphone is all you need to play.
Kaiju Panic,Xbox One,Strategy,64,tbd,E10+,Mechabit Ltd,Kaiju Panic is an Action-Strategy game in which you have to rescue survivors and guide them to the safety while defending against the giant monster Kaiju. Take control of the field commander. Build, fight and rescue your way through a wide variety of locations around the world. [Xbox.com]
Kalimba,Xbox One,Action,81,7.5,E,Press Play,Kalimba plays in solid 60 fps full HD. It feels both retro and new at the same time and its puzzle design and twitch gameplay present challenge for the experienced gamer.
Kerbal Space Program,Xbox One,Simulation,74,7.5,E,SQUADTeam, Squad,Kerbal Space Program puts you in charge of the recently launched space program for a fun & clever alien race – the Kerbals. These little guys are counting on you to build spaceships, rockets & vehicles that can take off & hold on during COOL space travel missions, without hurting them in the process. [Xbox.com]
Kick & Fennick,Xbox One,Action,61,tbd,E10+,Jaywalkers Interactive,Kick & Fennick is a platform adventure about a little boy with a very special gun.
KickBeat: Special Edition,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Zen Studios,KickBeat offers players several innovative ways to interact with music. The game combines beat-matching mechanics with an acrobatic style of martial arts, turning every song into a raucous battle. The game also features a music analyzer that allows players to create new tracks from their own music libraries.
Killer Instinct,Xbox One,Action,73,6.2,T,Double Helix Games,The iconic fighting game franchise is back with upgraded visuals, over-the-top action, a wild cast of combatants, rocking reactive music, and C-C-C-Combo Breakers. Choose from a diverse set of characters, each with fluid animations, unique combat tactics, and flashy special attacks. Utilize an open-ended combo system to rack up massive combos as your opponent looks for openings to break your flow and turn the tides of battle. Go online and test yourself against players from all over the world, or bone up on your combat skills in detailed tutorials. 
Killer Instinct 2 Classic,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,7.1,M,Code Mystics Inc.,Killer Instinct 2 Classic is included in the Season 2 Ultra Edition. You must purchase Season 2 Ultra Edition to access. Killer Instinct 2 Classic is a complete port of the original arcade hit from 1996. Thrown 2000 years back in time by Ultratech, the surviving combatants from the first tournament plus new fighters from across time must battle each other for the right to face Gargos and decide the fate of the world. Who among them truly has the killer instinct? This enhanced Xbox One version features competitive multiplayer over Xbox LIVE, an enhanced training & practice mode, and achievements.
Killer Instinct Season 2,Xbox One,Action,85,7.3,T,Iron Galaxy Studios,Killer Instinct 2 Classic is included in the Season 2 Ultra Edition. You must purchase Season 2 Ultra Edition to access. Killer Instinct 2 Classic is a complete port of the original arcade hit from 1996. Thrown 2000 years back in time by Ultratech, the surviving combatants from the first tournament plus new fighters from across time must battle each other for the right to face Gargos and decide the fate of the world. Who among them truly has the killer instinct? This enhanced Xbox One version features competitive multiplayer over Xbox LIVE, an enhanced training & practice mode, and achievements.
Killer Instinct Season 3,Xbox One,Action,86,6.6,NaN,Iron Galaxy Studios,Eight characters are coming to Killer Instinct with the Season 3 update, including Rash (Battletoads), Arbiter (Halo), Kim Wu, and Tusk.
Killer Instinct: Complete Collection,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,7.4,NaN,Iron Galaxy Studios,This is the biggest KI bundle we offer! This pack gives you EVERY Killer Instinct Fighter from both Season 1 and Season 2 Ultra Editions - a total of 16 fighters! Additionally, this pack includes ALL the costumes, ALL premium accessories, Killer Instinct Classic, and Killer Instinct 2 Classic for Xbox One (ESRB: M). Complete your Killer Instinct collection! Season 2 fighters released monthly.
Killer Instinct: Definitive Edition,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,6.3,M,Microsoft Game Studios,FIGHT ON!
Kinect Bundle: Beats & Squids,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Virtual Air Guitar Company,NaN
Kinect Sports Rivals,Xbox One,Other Sports Games,60,5.1,E10+,Microsoft Game Studios,Kinect Sports Rivals captures your likeness as a champion and plunges you into a world of sports competition. Take on your friends, rivals and the entire world. Xbox Ones high-res camera instantly scans and creates a detailed, digital you, then drops your champion into the rich world of intense sports. With tracking not only of limbs, but fingers, hands, even facial movements and expressions, Kinect Sports RIVALS creates responsive gameplay.
King Oddball,Xbox One,Puzzle,66,tbd,E10+,10tons Ltd, 10tons,Squash puny humans in this outlandish PS4 puzzle game.
King's Quest Chapter 1: A Knight to Remember,Xbox One,Adventure,80,7.6,E10+,The Odd Gentlemen,King’s Quest is a collection of 5 different chapter releases, each focusing on an untold tale in Graham’s past. In each installment, an aging King Graham reflects on his life of adventure with his granddaughter, Gwendolyn, while players are thrust back to influence first-hand the decisions and events that shaped a kingdom. Embark on an extraordinary journey across the world of Daventry. [Sierra]
King's Quest Chapter 2: Rubble Without a Cause,Xbox One,Adventure,71,5.7,E10+,The Odd Gentlemen,Kings Quest - Chapter 1: A Knight to Remember is required to play this content and is sold separately.
King's Quest Chapter 3: Once Upon a Climb,Xbox One,Adventure,80,5.2,NaN,The Odd Gentlemen,Continuing Sierra and The Odd Gentlemen’s modern reimagining of the classic adventure game series, Once Upon A Climb focuses on King Graham’s quest to rescue his future bride—Queen Valanice—from the wicked witch Hagatha’s tower.
King's Quest Chapter 4: Snow Place Like Home,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,The Odd Gentlemen, In his latest adventure, King Graham recounts the time he had to rescue Prince Alexander from Queen Icebella's Frozen Castle. 
King's Quest Chapter 5: The Good Knight,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,The Odd Gentlemen,In his latest adventure, King Graham tells of his final battle with the Goblin Sorcerer Manannan and his final adventure. 
King's Quest: The Complete Collection,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,The Odd Gentlemen, Sierra Games,Developed by The Odd Gentlemen, the new King’s Quest™ reimagines all the charm, humor, puzzles, exploration and sense of wonder that made the franchise so magical when it first arrived thirty years ago. Old and grey, King Graham – the hero made legend in the original King’s Quest games – shares the extraordinary stories of his youth with his curious granddaughter, Gwendolyn, taking players back to the feats that shaped a kingdom.
Kingdom: New Lands,Xbox One,Strategy,87,6.4,E10+,Noio,Tales spread of far off isles with mysteries waiting to be discovered. Rulers will need all the strength of their subjects to sail away and find new kingdoms in these New Lands. Kingdom: New Lands builds upon the gameplay and mystery of Kingdom by introducing new content to the title while maintaining the simplicity and depth. Travel to the New Lands and welcome the deluge of new mounts, merchants, and vagrants that call these isles home, but be wary of the new obstacles that threaten your arrival -- for not just the greedy creatures block your way but even the environment itself can defeat you. [Xbox.com]
Knight Squad,Xbox One,Action,71,6.8,T,Chainsawesome Games,Knight Squad is an 8 players top-down Bomberman meets Gauntlet game.
Kombat Pack 1,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NetherRealm Studios,NaN
Kombat Pack 2,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NetherRealm Studios,NaN
Krinkle Krusher,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Ilusis Interactive Graphics,Krinkle Krusher is an action castle defense where you cast elemental spells to defend your kingdom from the twisted and hungry creatures called Krinkles.
Kung Fu Panda: Showdown of Legendary Legends,Xbox One,Action,68,5.4,E10+,Vicious Cycle, Little Orbit,It is an era of Kung Fu heroes, warriors, and most significant of all, Legendary Legends. Fight alongside Po, Tigress, Monkey, Tai Lung, Master Shifu, and all of your familiar Kung Fu Panda characters to compete in the Showdown of Legendary Legends. Up to 4 players brawl in iconic locations throughout the Valley of Peace and beyond. Compete in an epic Tournament in which all Kung Fu warriors contend for honor and glory.
Kung-Fu for Kinect,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,60,7.5,E10+,Virtual Air Guitar Company,Step inside the game and turn yourself into a kung-fu hero. Use your own moves to punch and kick your way through comic-book villains, leap through the air, conjure lightning and shoot flaming arrows! This game is suitable for all ages, shapes and sizes, and may result in getting seriously fit. Kung-Fu for Kinect allows you to star in your own comic book, and features super-powered moves based on your motions. The game includes a story mode with 22 levels, 9 replayable challenges for daily fun and a special mode for staging your own finishing moves.
KYUB,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Ninja Egg,Move the “Kyub” and use its abilities to solve devious puzzles and escape malicious traps. Switch between action and puzzle phases where you manipulate other cubes to climb walls and destroy obstacles with lasers or activate switches to trigger new paths. Protect yourself and change the Kyub’s status to become immune to the elements. Master the Kyub and discover all its insane possibilities. Design your journey at slow pace or furiously fast rhythm. [Xbox.com]
Kyurinaga's Revenge,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Recotechnology S.L.,Kyurinaga's Revenge is a 2D-based game with lots of platforming, action and puzzles. Battle alongside our two heroes: The samurai Kaoru Tamanegi and the street fighter Broccoli Joe all across the Feudal Japan in their new adventure! Kaoru's explosive traps. You can switch between characters at any point but bear in mind that, even if you are a lone wolf, you'll still need to combine both heroes in order to overcome all the enemies and puzzles that Kyurinaga is going to throw at you. Or you can also partner up with a friend and bring the Shogunate down in our co-op mode.
LA Cops,Xbox One,Action,49,6.4,M,Modern Dream,LA Cops is an action-packed 3D top down shooter set in 1970s LA with police trying to do a tough job in a tough town. 
Land It!,Xbox One,Simulation,65,tbd,NaN,Nemesys,Try yourself as an air traffic controller and direct planes to safe landing. Can you land airplanes without crashing them? Can you be as good as the real people who run the show when you are flying? This is your time to excel and take control of ever more challenging airspaces to navigate planes in. Buckle up as things heat up fast when more and more planes will arrive and rely on you for guidance.
Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris,Xbox One,Action,72,5.9,T,Crystal Dynamics,Lara Croft and the Temple of Osiris is the sequel to Lara Croft and the Guardian of Light. In her new adventure, Lara Croft travels to Egypt and realized she must join forces with rival treasure hunter Carter Bell and imprisoned gods Horus and Isis to defeat the evil god Set. Featuring a 4-player co-op story, players must work together to explore the temple, defeat hordes of enemies from the Egyptian underworld, solve devious puzzles, and avoid deadly traps. At the same time, players compete for treasure, powerful artifacts, and ultimate bragging rights. 
Laserlife,Xbox One,Action,64,tbd,E,Choice Provisions,Do our memories die with us, or do they live on somewhere, waiting to be discovered?
LASTFIGHT,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Piranaking,NaN
Layers of Fear,Xbox One,Adventure,78,8.3,M,Bloober Team,Layers of Fear is a psychedelic horror where you take control over an insane painter in his quest to finish his magnum opus.
Layers of Fear: Inheritance,Xbox One,Adventure,72,7.8,M,Bloober Team,Layers of Fear: Inheritance expands the plot from Layers of Fear and tells the story of the painter’s daughter, who comes back to her childhood home to face her past. Can she forgive her father, or will she resent all that has happened? Relive her experiences and witness the full scope of the tragedy that has swallowed up the family.
Layers of Fear: Masterpiece Edition,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,9.4,M,Bloober Team,Layers of Fear: Masterpiece Edition includes both Layers of Fear and the Inheritance DLC in a single, horror-filled package.
LEGO Batman 3: Beyond Gotham,Xbox One,Action Adventure,74,7.1,E10+,TT Games,Batman joins up with the super heroes of the DC Comics universe and blasts off to outer space to stop the evil Brainiac from destroying Earth. Using the power of the Lantern Rings, Brainiac miniaturizes worlds to add to his demented collection of mini cities from around the galaxy. Te greatest super heroes and the most cunning villains must now unite and travel to different Lantern Worlds to collect the Lantern Rings and stop Brainiac before nothing more can be done.
LEGO Dimensions,Xbox One,Action Adventure,80,6.9,E10+,Traveller's Tales,LEGO characters from a melding of some of the most recognizable brands in the universe join forces and battle in worlds outside of their own. A Dark Knight, a Wizard, and a LEGO Master Builder traveling together down the Yellow Brick Road is just the beginning.
LEGO Jurassic World,Xbox One,Action Adventure,70,6.7,E10+,TT Games,Following the epic storylines of Jurassic Park, The Lost World: Jurassic Park and Jurassic Park III, as well as the highly anticipated Jurassic World, LEGO Jurassic World is the first videogame where players will be able to relive and experience all four Jurassic films.
LEGO Marvel Super Heroes,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,6.8,E10+,TT Games,LEGO Marvel Super Heroes features an original story where players take control of Iron Man, Spider-Man, the Hulk, Captain America, Wolverine and many more Marvel characters as they unite to stop Loki and a host of other Marvel villains from assembling a super-weapon capable of destroying the world.
LEGO Marvel's Avengers,Xbox One,Action Adventure,71,4.9,E10+,TT Games,Avengers Assemble!  Experience the first console videogame featuring characters and storylines from the blockbuster film Marvel’s The Avengers and the much anticipated sequel Marvel’s Avengers: Age of Ultron, and more. Play as the most powerful Super Heroes in their quest to save humanity.
LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens,Xbox One,Action Adventure,76,6.7,E10+,TT Games,Experience untold adventures set before Star Wars: The Force Awakens through exclusive new story levels that takes place between Star Wars: Return of the Jedi and the new film. Play as all of the heroic characters from the movie, including Rey, Finn, Poe Dameron, Han Solo, Chewbacca, C-3PO, and BB-8, as well as Kylo Ren, General Hux and Captain Phasma, while exploring classic Star Wars locales, such as Jakku and Starkiller Base, and utilizing a multitude of vehicles along the way. [LEGO]
LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens - Jabba's Palace Character Pack,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,TT Games,NaN
LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens - The Empire Strikes Back Character Pack,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,TT Games,NaN
LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens - The Freemaker Adventures Character Pack,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,TT Games,NaN
LEGO Star Wars: The Force Awakens - The Prequel Trilogy Character Pack,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,TT Games,NaN
LEGO The Hobbit,Xbox One,Historic,69,6.8,E10+,TT Games,From the makers of LEGO The Lord of the Rings, comes LEGO The Hobbit, inspired by the first two films in The Hobbit Trilogy: The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey and The Hobbit: Desolation of Smaug as well as the collection  of LEGO The Hobbit constructions sets.  The interactive game of LEGO The Hobbit allows gamers to play along with their favorite scenes from the films, and follows the Hobbit Bilbo Baggins as he is recruited by the Wizard Gandalf to aid Thorin Oakenshield and his Company of Dwarves. Bilbo leaves the comforts of the Shire on a journey through Middle-earth to help the Dwarves reclaim their lost Kingdom of Erebor within the Lonely Mountain. Along the way, he is introduced to ravenous Trolls, dangerous Orcs and, of course, Gollum and his precious Ring.  Players utilize and combine the Dwarves’ unique abilities to solve a diverse array of Quests.
Leo's Fortune,Xbox One,Action,72,6.4,NaN,1337 & Senri LLC,Leo's Fortune is a platform adventure game where you hunt down the cunning and mysterious thief that stole your gold. Beautifully hand-crafted levels bring the story of Leo to life in this epic adventure.
Letter Quest: Grimm's Journey Remastered,Xbox One,Puzzle,77,6.8,E,Bacon Bandit Games,The grim reapers Grimm and Rose need your help to defeat a legion of monsters, ghosts, and evil bunnies using the power of words. Spell words to battle monsters and earn gems that can be used to purchase upgrades, books, special items, potions, and more Letter Quest is a turn-based RPG featuring high-res artwork, clever wordplay, and two great soundtracks. Use your linguistic skills to survive. [Xbox.com]
LEVEL 22, Gary's Misadventures,Xbox One,Action,68,8.1,E10+,Moving Player, Noego,Gary is an office worker who oversleeps after a drunken night out on the town. Here’s where it gets tricky, because this isn’t the first time Gary’s been late for work, and he could be fired if he’s spotted arriving at his desk after everyone else yet again. So he’ll have to prove he’s smart and sneaky enough to make his way up all the 22 floors between him and his office without being seen.
Lichdom: Battlemage,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,2.2,M,Xaviant Games,Lichdom: Battlemage is a first-person caster that gives the Mage the spotlight in a way never before seen in games. With limitless magical power at your disposal and brutal enemies around every corner, victory hinges on a combination of skill and strategy. You must carefully craft a vast array of spells and learn to cast them in the heat of combat.
Lies Of Astaroth,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,8.0,T,iFree Studio,Lies of Astaroth is a free-to-play epic fantasy MMORPG battle card game.
Life is Strange,Xbox One,Sci-Fi,85,8.6,M,DONTNOD Entertainment,Life is Strange is a hand drawn work of art and every action enacts a butterfly effect - but with the power to rewind time, what would you change? And would it turn out to be a change for the better or worse?
Life is Strange: Episode 1 - Chrysalis,Xbox One,Action Adventure,77,8.4,M,DONTNOD Entertainment,Chrysalis is an introduction to the world of Life is Strange. You’ll see Max and Chloe reunite and you’ll make important choices that will influence their destiny. You will observe some of the short-term consequences of those choices but know that there are also mid and long-term repercussions that will pan out over the course of the later episodes, in a butterfly effect manner. [DONTNOD]
Life is Strange: Episode 2 - Out of Time,Xbox One,Action Adventure,73,8.8,M,DONTNOD Entertainment,Reunited with her friend Chloe, Max begins experimenting with her power and starts to wonder if it is related to her visions or the weird snow from the previous day. But life goes on in Blackwell Academy and a certain viral video has become a serious topic of discussion. Meanwhile, what DID happen to Rachel Amber? 
Life is Strange: Episode 3 - Chaos Theory,Xbox One,Action Adventure,80,8.6,M,DONTNOD Entertainment,In the third installment of Life is Strange, Max & Chloe ramp up their investigation to find out what exactly is going on at Blackwell Academy and the whereabouts of Rachel Amber. Secrets will be uncovered and Max will find another use for her power.
Life is Strange: Episode 4 - Dark Room,Xbox One,Action Adventure,74,8.7,M,DONTNOD Entertainment,Darkroom follows the antics of series protagonist, Max, as she attempts to uncover the mystery behind the disappearance of Rachel Amber and get to the bottom of the bizarre happenings in Arcadia Bay. With the ‘End of the World’ party on the horizon, time is running out for Max to become the saviour of the town.
Life is Strange: Episode 5 - Polarized,Xbox One,Action Adventure,80,8.5,M,DONTNOD Entertainment,In Episode 5: Polarized Max learns that time is impossible to control as she moves inexorably towards the most agonizing decision of her life. Arcadia Bay, meanwhile, is preparing to weather a huge storm as Life is Strange comes to a gripping and gut wrenching conclusion.
Lifeless Planet: Premier Edition,Xbox One,Action Adventure,57,7.6,T,Stage 2 Studios,Lifeless Planet is a new 3D PC action adventure, independently developed by David Board and Alaska-based Stage 2 Studios and to be published world-wide by Lace Mamba Global in Q4 2012. The game puts players in the moon-boots of a volunteer astronaut on a one-way mission to a life-bearing planet far outside our solar system. But after a rough landing, the promise of a new Earth soon fades with the discovery that the planet he was to explore is now barren and inhospitable.
LIMBO,Xbox One,Action,85,8.1,T,PLAYDEAD,LIMBO, a black and white puzzle-platforming adventure, puts players in the role of a young boy traveling through an eerie and treacherous world in an attempt to discover the fate of his sister.
Line Of Defense Tactics,Xbox One,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,T,3000AD, Inc.,Line Of Defense Tactics is a real-time strategy combat game for a range of mobile devices, laptops and desktops. 
LocoCycle,Xbox One,Driving,48,3.9,T,Twisted Pixel Games,Presenting I.R.I.S. 2-time Valedictorian of the illustrious Big Arms Academy's School of Assassination. Proficient in over forty forms of unarmed combat, earning Sensei status in Jiu-jitsu, Akido, Krav Maga, and Jeet June Do. Equally deadly with blades, handguns, and the latest nuclear technology. 
Lords of the Fallen,Xbox One,Role-Playing,71,6.7,M,City Interactive, Deck 13,Lords of the Fallen is a hardcore action-RPG featuring an advanced combat systems and robust class skill trees. Set in a richly created fantasy world where the Gods have failed mankind, players will take on the role of a human named Harkyn who sets out on a quest to stand against an apparently unstoppable supernatural force. Players travel across a world that is deeply dived by those that follow and others that resist, the Fallen God. Along their journey they will be faced with a series of decisions that will alter both the world and their character thus dramatically impacting the storyline.
Lords of the Fallen - Ancient Labyrinth,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,City Interactive,Discover a new campaign in the long-forgotten library, locked away between the human and demonic realms millennia ago. Uncover the mysteries hidden in the mazes corridors and lay waste to the undead followers of the fallen god roaming within it. Find your way to the most powerful Lord in the Rhogar army and end his demonic reign.
Lords of the Fallen: Complete Edition,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.2,NaN,Deck 13,Includes: Ancient Labyrinth, Demonic Weapons Pack, The Monk's Decipher, Lionheart Pack, The Foundation Boost, and The Arane Boost.
Lost Sea,Xbox One,Strategy,59,7.3,E10+,EastAsiaSoft,Lost Sea is a 3D strategy-action game that takes place inside a procedurally generated archipelago. It's up to the player to form a ragtag crew of survivors and explore the surrounding islands as they hunt for the necessary resources to upgrade their ship and escape the Bermuda Triangle.
Lovely Planet,Xbox One,Action,65,6.0,NaN,QUICKTEQUILA,With boots of speed on your feet, an infinite supply of bullets for your semi-automatic and the ability to jump over twice your own height, you're well equipped to go up against any enemy on your quest to reach Lovely Planet! Balance between jumping around dodging bullets and taking aim for a better shot at your enemies, don't waste time camping at cover spots and waiting for enemies to pop out - artfully evade the onslaught of bullets and defeat all baddies that stand in your way.
Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime,Xbox One,Platformer,82,7.6,E10+,Asteroid Base,Lovers in a Dangerous Spacetime is a 2-player co-op micro-platformer set inside a neon spaceship locked in battle with hordes of space baddies. Players work together running back and forth between ship control rooms, manning turrets, lasers, shields and thrusters to rack up points and stave off a vacuumy demise. In mish-mash terms you could describe it as Jumpman meets Asteroids meets Han saying "Don't get cocky."
Lumo,Xbox One,Action,73,tbd,E10+,Triple Eh? Ltd,Witness the rebirth of a genre in Lumo – a classic isometric adventure with a modern twist for gamers young and old alike!
Mad Max,Xbox One,Action,72,7.7,M,Avalanche Studios,Mad Max places players in the role of a lone warrior who must embark on a journey to reclaim his stolen interceptor from a deadly gang of marauders.
Madden NFL 15,Xbox One,Sports,80,6.4,E,EA Sports,New broadcast and NFL Films-inspired presentation shows the game in a different light. Evolved player and coach models make personalities appear more realistic, and additional camera angles and player celebrations capture the most kinetic moments of football. Also on board is a new studio halftime show with dynamic highlights, analysis and recaps of the first half that tell the story of the game.
Madden NFL 16,Xbox One,Sports,84,6.1,E,EA Sports,Whether playing alone or online, your mission to build an NFL dynasty begins with Connected Franchise. Interact and build your team with more control with Game Prep. Want to develop your backup QB? Between matchups, spend extra time on him each week to earn training points without having to force him into the real games before he is ready. Build your teams' confidence through performance and front office transactions. Balance keeping player's confidence up, to increase abilities and build player XP. 
Madden NFL 17,Xbox One,Sports,83,5.8,E,EA Sports,Madden NFL 17 Franchise = Take your team all the way and put yourself at the center of your team’s Championship run in Franchise mode, delivering new ways to play and more decisions to make. Added features include the practice squad, full-player editing, and the in-game ticker that keeps you updated with scores from around the league. Know your opponents’ tendencies every week, then pick the right drills to attack and counter those tendencies in game. This new level of strategy promises to deliver more variety and more fun when preparing for your next opponent, whether it’s a user or a computer simulated player. [Electronic Arts]
Madden NFL 25,Xbox One,Sports,73,5.9,E,EA Sports,Offensive and Defensive line play is the foundation of Madden NFL 25. Lineman are more than just physical, they are intelligent. Coupled with the ability to make 4x more decisions per second, 300 new blocking interactions create the most realistic running lanes for the ballcarrier and passing pockets for the QB. Offensive lineman will dynamically sort and shift assignments based on threats and angles, starting with intelligently identifying the center of the defense, the “Mike”, countering the over 3x new defensive line moves and the latest blitz packages. Authentic double teams, blitz pick-ups, and line shifts showcase line units working together as one, highlighting the most physical and intense battles in the NFL.
Mafia III,Xbox One,Action Adventure,67,4.7,M,Hangar 13,In 1968, after years in Vietnam, Lincoln Clay knows this truth: Family isn't who you're born with, it's who you are willing to die for. Now back home, in a new New Orleans, Lincoln is dedicated to rebuilding his life, but established ties keep him from exiting the city. It'll take more than a few friends to make it in this new world. Intense gun fights, hand-to-hand combat, white knuckle driving and street smarts will all be required. But with the right crew, tough decisions and some dirty hands, it's possible to ascend to the top of the city's underworld. It's about time to create a new family. 
Magic Duels: Origins,Xbox One,Strategy,No score yet,5.2,T,Stainless Games,Magic Duels: Origins is entirely free-to-play. As you play the game, you earn gold which you swap for booster packs. If you want to get cards quicker, you can also buy gold, but all gameplay content is earnable just by playing. All content is 100% attainable in-game, for zero real-world money. Buy some, earn some – it’s all up to you. And future expansions will be offered as downloadable content packs for Magic Duels: Origins, keeping the game fresh and preventing the need for full-on yearly iterations.
Magic: Duels of the Planeswalkers 2015,Xbox One,Strategy,59,5.3,T,Wizards of the Coast,Track down bigger game on a bold new adventure with Magic 2015—Duels of the Planeswalkers. Command powerful creatures and wield devastating spells to defeat your opponents in this game of strategy. Hone your skills as you battle your way across the planes of the Multiverse. Beware though, Planeswalker. Your biggest danger lies ahead. Garruk Wildspeaker, the greatest hunter known, has fallen under the curse of the Chain Veil. He now mercilessly stalks his own kind. Find him and stop him ... before he finds you.
Magnetic: Cage Closed,Xbox One,Adventure,55,tbd,T,Guru Games,Magnetic is a first person puzzle game that lets you manipulate and master magnetic forces. The mechanics are focused around a single tool: The Magnet Gun. This device is the only thing that helps you navigate the vast and deadly prison-maze youve been cast into.
MagNets: Fully Charged,Xbox One,Action,49,4.1,E10+,Total Monkery,NaN
Mahjong,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Bigben Interactive,Play a Zen game! Rediscover the famous traditional Chinese game.
Maldita Castilla EX: Cursed Castilla,Xbox One,Action,81,7.4,T,Locomalito,The tears of a young witch have been turned by a demon into a key that opens up a gateway for the evil in this world. The King Alfonso VI of León has assembled his loyal knights to get to Tolomera del Rey and finish the nightmare using the power of the Witch’s tears. Banish the zombies and demons that entered the Kingdom of Castile with Don Ramiro, the loyal King’s Knight, and his friends. For that, you will use a different range of weapons to defeat your enemies through the cursed lands of Tolomera, in a pure classic arcade action style. [Xbox.com]
Mantis Burn Racing,Xbox One,Racing,78,8.9,NaN,VooFoo Studios,Mantis Burn Racing is an arcade style top-down racer with stunning visuals, a comprehensive single-player career mode, and a deep, RPG-style upgrade system. [VooFoo Studios]
Manual Samuel,Xbox One,Role-Playing,69,tbd,T,Perfectly Paranormal,After a tough collision with a septic truck Samuel finds himself bargaining for his life. Eventually he agrees a deal for his life with chronically-uncool 90s throwback, Death, and now has to survive 24 hours doing everything manually.
Mark McMorris Infinite Air,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,7.4,T,HB Studios Multimedia,Mark McMorris Infinite Air is a fresh welcome into snowboarding for newcomers and a challenging step into ungroomed territory for seasoned boarders. Get ready to shred custom-built runs and show off gnarly tricks across vast, personalized terrain parks and 100+ square miles of back country.
Marvel Pinball - Epic Collection: Volume 1,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,NaN,E10+,Nighthawk Interactive,NaN
Marvel Puzzle Quest: Dark Reign,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,T,WayForward,The best in match-3 puzzle gameplay meets Marvel's biggest Super Heroes and Super Villains in the most epic puzzle adventure game out on your phone, tablet and PC! Marvel Puzzle Quest combines your favorite Marvel characters with deep RPG leveling, player-vs-player tournaments, Alliances, and much more. It's time to unleash your inner Super Hero and wage war against your enemies.
Marvel: Ultimate Alliance,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,5.6,T,Raven Software,Marvel: Ultimate Alliance is an action/RPG that features the largest roster of comic book characters ever seen in a video game. Players assume the roles of more than 20 Marvel Super Heroes including Spider-Man, Wolverine, Blade and Captain America, and through their actions determine the fate of both planet Earth and the Marvel universe - revealed in one of multiple epilogues. Marvel: Ultimate Alliance offers total team customization, where players create their own team name, icon and vehicle, as well as establish their team reputation as they play throughout the story.
Marvel: Ultimate Alliance 2,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.7,T,Vicarious Visions,The Marvel Universe is being torn apart. The Superhuman Registration Act becomes law and Super Heroes must register as weapons of mass destruction, becoming licensed government agents. As Civil War is stirred, Iron Man leads the Pro-Registration side while Captain America spearheads the stand on Anti-Registration. The enemies you battle and the missions you accomplish depend on which side you choose.
Marvel: Ultimate Alliance Bundle,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Raven Software,This Ultimate Alliance Bundle contains both games from the historic franchise!
Masquerade: The Baubles of Doom,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,8.4,T,Big Ant Studios,Masquerade is an action-adventure game set in the fantasy world of The Realm, centered around a battle for the mythical Druid Orbs, the most powerful pair of balls in all the land. For it was said that whomever possessed the Orbs, possessed the power to rule all.
Massive Chalice,Xbox One,Strategy,72,6.7,T,Double Fine Productions,MASSIVE CHALICE is a tactical strategy game set on an epic timeline from Double Fine Productions. As the Immortal Ruler of the Nation, you'll take command of its heroes, forge marriages to strengthen your Bloodlines, and battle a mysterious enemy known as the Cadence in a war lasting hundreds of years.
Max: The Curse of Brotherhood,Xbox One,Action Adventure,72,7.3,E10+,Press Play,When Max wishes for his annoying little brother, Felix, to be whisked away by unknown evil forces, he gets more than he bargained for. Armed only with a marker and a hope of undoing what he has just done, he sets out on a perilous journey across deserts, eerie lantern-lit bogs, ancient temples and lush green forests to get his younger sibling back. Along the way Max gains the power to manipulate his environment and overcome seemingly impossible obstacles.
McDROID,Xbox One,Strategy,63,tbd,E,Elefantopia LLC,Defend your shuttle against a variety of crazed alien species as they mutate, corrupt the ground or even turn your crops against you. Load up on weapons, bring your friends (drop-in/drop-out co-op) and take the battle to them. If it gets too crazy, turtle up behind your defensive perimeter and assume direct control of the lasers.
Mega Coin Squad,Xbox One,Action,74,6.4,T,Big Pixel Studios,Tackle 16 levels in the solo quest for the Mega Coins in this manic 2D platformer from Big Pixel Studios and Adult Swim Games. Or invite your friends round to rob them of victory -- and their coins -- in four different local multiplayer modes.
Mega Man Legacy Collection,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,80,7.1,E,Digital Eclipse,Featuring reproductions of the series origins with the original six Mega Man games, the Legacy Collection should remind long-time fans and introduce newcomers to what made Mega Man such a popular and iconic character. Mega Man Legacy Collection will feature all six games and more. In addition to the six Mega Man games, Mega Man Legacy Collection features new ways to experience the classic games with the Museum Mode and new Challenge Mode. Challenge Mode remixes gameplay segments from all six games, with plenty of scaling difficulty objectives for experienced players to conquer yet serving as a good starting point for new players, too. Museum Mode contains a comprehensive collection of history, high-res art and original concept pieces.
Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes,Xbox One,Action Adventure,76,5.4,M,Kojima Productions,Ground Zeroes showcases Kojima Productions' FOX Engine, a true next-generation game engine which promises to revolutionize the Metal Gear Solid experience. The first Metal Gear Solid title to offer open world gameplay. Ground Zeroes offers total freedom of play: how missions are undertaken is entirely down to the user. Unrestricted stealth: Imagine classic Metal Gear gameplay but with no restrictions or boundaries. Players use intelligence and cerebral strategy to sneak their way through entire missions, or go in all guns blazing. Each will have different effects on game consequences and advancement. Multiple missions and tasks - Ground Zeroes boasts a central story mode and Side-Ops missions ranging from tactical action, aerial assaults and "covert" missions that will be sure to surprise. Ground Zeroes users will benefit from a clean in-game HUD that shows the minimal amount of on-screen data to give a more intense gaming experience. [Konami]
Metal Gear Solid V: Metal Gear Online,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,8.5,NaN,Kojima Productions,NaN
Metal Gear Solid V: The Definitive Experience,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,M,Kojima Productions,Metal Gear Solid V: Ground Zeroes gives core fans a taste of the production's visual presentation and gameplay before the release of Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain. METAL GEAR SOLID V: THE PHANTOM PAIN provides players a gaming experience as they utilize tactical freedom to carry out open-world missions. METAL GEAR ONLINE is built around a dedicated squad-based competitive multiplayer structure, which has been redesigned with familiar gameplay and aesthetic styling of the acclaimed series. All DLC in-game content is included in The Definitive Experience along with a bonus $20 value of in-game currency.
Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain,Xbox One,Action Adventure,95,7.3,M,Kojima Productions, Moby Dick Studio,Following the prologue METAL GEAR SOLID V: GROUND ZEROES, METAL GEAR SOLID V: THE PHANTOM PAIN concludes the METAL GEAR SOLID V experience by following the story of the protagonist of the series, Big Boss (a.k.a. Snake). The METAL GEAR SOLID V experience is Creator and Director Hideo Kojima's first time incorporating open world gameplay to the groundbreaking METAL GEAR franchise.
Metro Redux,Xbox One,Action,84,8.2,M,4A Games,Metro Redux includes Metro 2033 and Metro: Last Light, rebuilt and remastered for Next Gen at 60FPS. Rebuilt and Remastered for Next Gen with 2 complete single player campaigns, all previous add-on content included, new modes and features, and many gameplay improvements, this is the definitive version of the series.
Metro: 2033 Redux,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,7.9,M,4A Games,Metro 2033 Redux is the definitive version of the cult classic ‘Metro 2033’, rebuilt in the latest and greatest iteration of the 4A Engine for Next Gen. Fans of the original game will find the unique world of Metro transformed with incredible lighting, physics and dynamic weather effects. Newcomers will get the chance to experience one of the finest story-driven shooters of all time; an epic adventure combining gripping survival horror, exploration and tactical combat and stealth.
Metro: Last Light Redux,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,7.5,M,4A Games,Metro: Last Light Redux is the definitive version of the critically acclaimed ‘Metro: Last Light’, rebuilt in the latest and greatest iteration of the 4A Engine for Next Gen. Newcomers will get the chance to experience one of the finest story-driven shooters of all time; an epic adventure combining gripping survival horror, exploration and tactical combat and stealth.
Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor,Xbox One,Action Adventure,87,8.0,M,Monolith Productions,Fight your way through Mordor and reveal the truth of the spirit that compels you, discover the origins of the Rings of Power, build your legend and ultimately confront the evil of Sauron in this new story of Middle-earth. 
Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor - Game of the Year Edition,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.2,M,Monolith Productions,The GOTY edition includes The Lord of the Hunt and The Bright Lord story missions, the Trials of War challenge series plus additional Warband Missions, Runes, & Skins.
Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor - Lord of the Hunt,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,6.0,M,Monolith Productions,In conjunction, Torvin and Talion hunt the wildest beasts of Mordor turning them against Sauron's forces. Hunt new monsters, unearth hidden lairs, earn special runes and dominate deadly creatures to turn against your enemies. Unlocks the exclusive Beast-hunter Skin and Test of the Wild Challenge Mode.
Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor - The Bright Lord,Xbox One,Action Adventure,61,7.1,M,Monolith Productions,In Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor, gamers saw Celebrimbor’s memories of being dragged back to Mordor, forging the Rings of Power, stealing the One Ring itself, and organizing an army to battle his greatest Nemesis, the Dark Lord Sauron. Players now have the chance to play these epic events, wield this power for themselves and learn the fate of Celebrimbor, the greatest Elven king of the Second Age and the Bright Lord of Mordor — thousands of years before he became the Wraith that denied Talion death. [Monolith]
Mighty No. 9,Xbox One,Action,55,4.2,E10+,Inti Creates,Mighty No. 9 is an all-new Japanese side-scrolling action game that takes the best aspects of the 8- and 16-bit era classics you know and love, and transforms them with modern tech, fresh mechanics, and fan input into something fresh. You play as Beck, the 9th in a line of powerful robots, and the only one not infected by a mysterious computer virus that has caused mechanized creatures the world over to go berserk. Run, jump, blast, and transform your way through six stages (or more, via stretch goals) you can tackle in any order you choose, using weapons and abilities stolen from your enemies to take down your fellow Mighty Number robots and confront the final evil that threatens the planet. Once, you worked together, side-by-side but now, your fellow Mighty No. robots have lashed out, taking over key strategic locations across the globe and infesting them with their minions. You have no choice: the other Mighty Numbers...Must. Be. Destroyed.
Mimic Arena,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Tiny Horse Games,NaN
Minecraft: Story Mode - A Telltale Games Series,Xbox One,Fantasy,No score yet,5.1,E10+,Telltale Games,Minecraft: Story Mode is like a playable tv show based on your favorite game, where YOU are the star, and your choices and actions decide how the story is told. You assume the role of Jesse, and you and your friends are thrust into an adventure to save the world. While visiting EnderCon, your crew confronts something dreadful. Terror is unleashed, and your only hope is to track down the “Order of the Stone”, a fabled group of adventurers who killed the legendary Ender Dragon. But where are they? In a race against time, you will travel across the over-world, through the Nether, to The End, and beyond.
Minecraft: Story Mode - A Telltale Games Series - Adventure Pass,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Telltale Games,The Adventure Pass includes access to download episodes six, seven, and eight, as they become available, starting in Summer 2016.
Minecraft: Story Mode - A Telltale Games Series - Season Pass,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Telltale Games,Minecraft: Story Mode is a five-part episodic game series. Episodes are released periodically, telling the entire story over a season, like a story-driven television show where YOU are the star.
Minecraft: Story Mode - A Telltale Games Series - The Complete Adventure,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Telltale Games,As Jesse, you will embark on a perilous adventure across the Overworld, through the Nether, to the End, and beyond. 
Minecraft: Story Mode - Episode 1: The Order of the Stone,Xbox One,Action Adventure,77,4.1,E10+,Telltale Games,Minecraft: Story Mode is an adventure game set in a Minecraft world. It is a 5-part episodic series that will take you to the Nether, the Farlands, the End, and beyond. You will determine how the story flows through the decisions you make: what you say to people (and how you say it), and what you choose to do in moments of action.
Minecraft: Story Mode - Episode 2: Assembly Required,Xbox One,Action Adventure,61,3.7,E10+,Telltale Games,Minecraft: Story Mode is like a playable TV show based on the Minecraft game, where YOU are the star, and your choices and actions decide how the story is told. You assume the role of Jesse, and you and your friends are thrown into an adventure to save the world. While visiting EnderCon, your crew stumbles on something dreadful. Terror is unleashed, and your only hope is to track down the “Order of the Stone”, a fabled group of adventurers who slew the legendary Ender Dragon. But where are they? In a race against time, you will travel across the over-world, through the Nether, to The End, and beyond. [Telltale Games]
Minecraft: Story Mode - Episode 3: The Last Place You Look,Xbox One,Action Adventure,75,5.6,E10+,Telltale Games,Minecraft: Story Mode is like a playable TV show based on the game, where YOU are the star, and your choices and actions decide how the story is told. You are Jesse, and you and your friends are thrown into an adventure to save the world. While visiting EnderCon, your gang stumbles on something dreadful. Terror is unleashed, and your only hope is to track down the “Order of the Stone”, a fabled group of adventurers who slew the legendary Ender Dragon. But where are they? In a race against time, you will travel across the over-world, through the Nether, to The End, and beyond. 
Minecraft: Story Mode - Episode 4: A Block and a Hard Place,Xbox One,Action Adventure,71,5.1,E10+,Telltale Games,Minecraft: Story Mode is like a playable TV show based on the Minecraft game, where YOU are the star, and your choices and actions decide how the story is told. You assume the role of Jesse, and you and your friends are thrown into an adventure to save the world. While visiting EnderCon, your crew stumbles on something dreadful. Terror is unleashed, and your only hope is to track down the “Order of the Stone”, a fabled group of adventurers who slew the legendary Ender Dragon. But where are they? In a race against time, you will travel across the over-world, through the Nether, to The End, and beyond. [Telltale Games]
Minecraft: Story Mode - Episode 5: Order Up!,Xbox One,Action Adventure,69,5.2,E10+,Telltale Games,In Episode 5, on a tip from Ivor, Jesse and friends head to an abandoned temple holding mysterious treasures. Ambushed by former Ocelot Aiden and his crew, our heroes find themselves in an entirely new world: Sky City! As they explore, the Order finds that resources are at a premium, and nothing but 'The Void' exists below the known world. When Aiden convinces Sky City's ruler that the New Order of the Stone are up to no good, you'll need to make some tough choices to clear your name, and keep Aiden from destroying an innocent world.
Minecraft: Story Mode - Episode 6: A Portal to Mystery,Xbox One,Action Adventure,71,6.2,E10+,Telltale Games,The sixth episode of Telltale's series.
Minecraft: Story Mode - Episode 7: Access Denied,Xbox One,Action Adventure,71,tbd,E10+,Telltale Games,Continuing their portal journey in search of home, Jesse and crew arrive in a world wholly controlled by PAMA - a sinister "thinking machine" determined to control everyone and everything in pursuit of optimal usefulness and efficiency. Forced to go on the run to avoid capture and assimilation, you must work with a new ally to defeat the corrupted computer and free the population it has enslaved.
Minecraft: Story Mode - Episode 8: A Journey's End?,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Telltale Games,Having befriended the helpful and knowledgeable builder Harper, a path towards returning home has presented itself. To get there, though, you’ll need to navigate a gauntlet of deadly challenges in an intense series of gladiatorial events led by the ruthless Old Builders. It won’t be a cakewalk, as allies are in short supply, dangerous gladiators lurk around every corner, and the Old Builders themselves are out to get you! Do you have what it takes to survive the games, save your friends, and make your way back home? 
Minecraft: Xbox One Edition,Xbox One,Action Adventure,88,6.8,E10+,4J Studios, Mojang AB,Minecraft: Xbox One Edition is a game about placing blocks to build anything you can imagine and was revealed at E3 that it will be coming to the Xbox One.
Mirror's Edge Catalyst,Xbox One,Action,72,4.4,T,EA DICE,Through Mirror’s Edge Catalyst, experience the emergence of Faith, a brave Runner who uncovers a hidden truth inside the walls of the city of Glass. Through her journey, Faith explores every corner of the city, from the highest, most pristine skyscrapers, to the dark and dingy tunnels that underlie the city. Players must master the environment, using their momentum and timing their combat to fight the oppressiveness of the ruling elite, uncovering the dark secrets behind the city’s beautiful façade. Mirror’s Edge Catalyst offers players the freedom to explore the expanse of the city, discovering a variety of new activities, like ‘Dash’, races from point A to B, environmental puzzles and story missions to complete at their leisure. [EA]
Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,8.3,T,Zenith Blue,Mitsurugi Kamui Hikae is the story of a demonic sword, and the young warrior who stole it for her own ends. Hot on her heels is our main character, and her best friend. Once friends, but now forced to fight each other, players will cut their way through arenas filled with monsters, robots, and thugs in need of a good slicing.
Momentum,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,Projectile Entertainment,Experience a new perspective with Momentum, a physics based platformer. Choose one of many unlockable balls, and then skillfully maneuver it through 3D labyrinths. Race the clock as you rotate labyrinths and use gravity to your advantage. But be careful, because you could easily lose control. Momentums zen atmosphere contrasts with its challenging gameplay. The soothing soundtrack and detailed environments combine to create a truly unique, relaxing vibe.
Monkey King Saga,Xbox One,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E10+,T-Rex Games,NaN
Monkey Pirates,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Henchmen Studio,In Monkey Pirates you control theboat of one of the four Monkey Captains and you fight regarding different game modes over multiples arenas based on four seas environments (Artic, Caribbean, Egypt and China).
Monochroma,Xbox One,Action,66,tbd,T,Nowhere Studios,Monochroma is a cinematic puzzle platformer that takes place in an industrial-alchemic setting. It's about being a child, having a little brother, growing up, falling down and solving some other puzzles. Monochroma offers a deeply visual, intellectual, and emotional experience. The game tells it story without using any written or spoken words. It has black and white graphics only coloured with red. Monochroma features realistic locations and puzzles modelled with accurate physics. Puzzle designs are far from arbitrary trial-and-error gameplay. [Xbox.com]
Monopoly Deal,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Asobo Studio,Everything great about MONOPOLY, now a fast paced, delightfully addictive card game! Compete online against your friends or the community in this frantic card-game: steal sets of cards, collect debts and be the first to collect three complete property sets of different colors. Build your real estate empire in a new and faster way! Keeps everything you love about MONOPOLY but packs it into a fast burst of fun. The downloadable version of this game supports English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Dutch, Portuguese, Russian.
Monopoly Plus,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,6.6,E,Asobo Studio,Its MONOPOLY for a new era! Play the classic game and watch the board come to life! A full 3D city at the center of the board lives and evolves as you play. You own a miniature world that will interact with your progression throughout the game and celebrate your achievements. Play the way you want - you can change the rules and adapt them to your playing style. Take and display photos at key moments for an amplified social gaming experience. Monopoly PLUS raises the classic game to a new level! The downloadable version of this game supports English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Swedish, Turkish, Korean, Chinese.
Monopoly: Family Fun Pack,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,6.7,E,Ubisoft,A new era of Monopoly for home consoles! The Monopoly Family Fun Pack gathers the 3 Monopoly Games: - Monopoly PLUS: the classic Monopoly with a 3D animated board! - My Monopoly, to create your very own board - Monopoly Deal, a fast-paced and addictive Monopoly card-game Enjoy the classic Monopoly in new fun ways, with your friends and people all around the world!
Monster Jam: Crush It,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Maximum Games,Crush It takes fans back into authentic stadiums for racing and freestyle events including the site of Monster Jam World Finals — Sam Boyd Stadium. Choose your favorite official Monster Jam trucks such as Grave Digger, Max-D, Monster Mutt, and many more.
Mordheim: City of the Damned,Xbox One,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,M,Focus Home Interactive,Set in the Warhammer world's decimated Empire city, Mordheim: City of the Damned is a turn-based tactical game where you lead warbands into bloody and lethal skirmishes. The game blends RPG elements, fast-paced tactical combat and intricate unit customization in a time wrought by chaos and rivalry where only the strongest survive.
Mortal Kombat X,Xbox One,Action,86,7.3,M,Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment, NetherRealm Studios,Mortal Kombat X combines cinematic presentation with all new gameplay to deliver the most brutal Kombat experience ever, offering a new fully-connected experience that launches players into a persistent online contest where every fight matters in a global battle for supremacy.  For the first time, Mortal Kombat X gives players the ability to choose from multiple variations of each character impacting both strategy and fighting style. Players step into an original story showcasing some of the game’s most prolific characters including Scorpion and Sub-Zero, while introducing new challengers that represent the forces of good and evil and tie the tale together.
Mortal Kombat XL,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,6.4,M,NetherRealm Studios,Includes main game, and new playable characters Alien, Leatherface, Triborg, and Bo'Rai Cho. Previously released playable characters include Predator, Jason Voorhees, Tremor, Tanya, and Goro. Also includes new skins pack Apocalypse Pack and all previously released skins packs. 
Mount & Blade: Warband,Xbox One,Role-Playing,57,8.6,T,Taleworlds,The first expansion pack for Mount & Blade introduces an array of brand-new features, highlighted by a multiplayer capability that allows up to 32 players to battle it out in team-deathmatch-style combat on a single map.
Murdered: Soul Suspect,Xbox One,Action,51,7.0,M,Airtight Games,Detective Ronan O'Connor's life is brought to an end when a brutal killer confronts him during a burglary. This detective with a checked past now finds himself trapped in the afterlife, his only escape from this nether world of "Dusk" is to bring the truth of his death and his killer to light using his newly developed supernatural abilities. As Ronan, you can explore the town of Salem for clues, battle demon spirits to save your soul, and unearth revelations about who is responsible for your untimely death.
MX vs ATV Reflex,Xbox One,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Rainbow,NaN
MX vs. ATV Supercross Encore,Xbox One,Racing,45,tbd,NaN,Rainbow Studios,Rip, jump and scrub your way to victory with over 35 tracks in this vastly extended version. Only the Encore edition features the brand new Rhythm Racing mode, extra outdoor Nationals tracks, and exclusive Waypoint races in open world maps.
MXGP2: The Official Motocross Videogame,Xbox One,Racing,59,7.2,E,Milestone S.r.l,MXGP2 is the evolution of the Official Motocross Videogame experience, based on the FIM Motocross World Championship license with updated tracks and riders, including Glen Helen and the new Americas tracks. Players also have the chance to ride in two brand new indoor stadiums to test their riding abilities and take part, for the first time in a cross videogame, in the Monster Energy FIM Motocross of Nations. Customise every part of your bike, rider, and team, and hone your stills in test track performances. 
Mystery Castle,Xbox One,Puzzle,73,tbd,E,Runestone Games Limited,This game is for everyone who loves adventure, treasure hunting, laughing out loud, transforming into creatures, drinking potions, possessing monsters, explosions, inept wizards, witless golems, huge floating eyeballs, magic portals, magic lanterns, grumpy dwarfs, cheerful eskimos, irate hotel owners, giant monsters, throwing bombs at giant monsters… and then laughing some more!
N.E.R.O.: Nothing Ever Remains Obscure,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,64,7.9,E,Storm in a Teacup,NERO is a fully story driven first person game filled with puzzles that are heavily connected with the environments and with the past of the main characters. The more the player is going to explore, the better he will be rewarded with pieces of narration that will help him to understand the truth behind this next-gen visual novel. [Storm in a Teacup]
Naruto Shippuden: Ultimate Ninja Storm 4,Xbox One,Action,81,8.4,T,CyberConnect2,Recreate all the legendary teams from NARUTO SHIPPUDEN or create your own team. Players will be able to switch characters during the fight.  The roster spans the NARUTO SHIPPUDEN story arc and capture the latest character appearances from the anime. Almighty foes such as Kaguya, Madara (Six Paths) & Obito (Six Paths) join the fray.
NASCAR Heat Evolution,Xbox One,Racing,No score yet,1.6,E,Dusenberry Martin Racing,Gameplay modes include Race, Challenges, Season, Chase, Online, and Career. In Career, customize your own NASCAR Sprint Cup Series driver. From the high banks of Talladega to the tight turns in Martinsville, each of the 23 licensed NASCAR tracks have been recreated in conjunction with track owners. NASCAR Heat Evolution offers 43 different drivers from the most popular race teams including Stewart-Haas Racing, Joe Gibbs Racing, Hendrick Motorsports, Team Penske, Chip Ganassi, and others.
NBA 2K14,Xbox One,Basketball,86,5.7,E,Visual Concepts,NBA 2K14 promises to raise the bar yet again, providing the best basketball gaming experience for legions of sports fans and gamers around the world.
NBA 2K15,Xbox One,Sports,82,6.3,E,Visual Concepts,NBA 2K15 features approximately 5,000 new animations, new defensive AI, shooting systems, new team-specific play sets, and more control over rebounding, steals, and blocks. New game broadcast presentation hosted by Ernie Johnson and Shaq O'Neal delivers commentary and analysis to the action. 
NBA 2K16,Xbox One,Action,86,6.2,E10+,Visual Concepts,Be the Story. The NBA 2K franchise is back with a true-to-life NBA experience in NBA 2K16. Guide your MyPLAYER through the complete NBA journey, take control of an entire NBA franchise, or refine your skills online competing against gamers from around the globe. With animations that provide smoother movement and more realistic articulation, it promises to be the most authentic NBA gaming experience yet. [2K]
NBA 2K17,Xbox One,Sports,92,6.9,E,Visual Concepts,NBA 2K17 promises to take the game to new heights and continue to blur the lines between video game and reality.
NBA 2K17: The Prelude,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,tbd,NaN,2K Games,NaN
NBA Live 14,Xbox One,Basketball,36,3.1,E,EA Sports,BounceTek -- Revolutionary physics-based dribbling allows for complete, organic control and authentic responsiveness. Utilize a full suite of dribble moves to unleash ankle-breaking crossovers, hesitations and more. CourtQ Delivers Real Time NBA -- Leveraging live synergy Sports Technology data, NBA LIVE 14 is driven by over 70 player ratings, tendencies, and team stats updated every NBA game, ensuring that your game is always in-sync with the real NBA. With fresh content and challenges updated on a daily basis, NBA LIVE 14 delivers a new experience each and every time you pick up the controller, delivering the pulse of the NBA 24/7/365.
NBA Live 15,Xbox One,Sports,53,6.8,E,EA Sports,LIVE Seasons mode is back this year with new content updated daily, all season long. New Hot Spot Challenges within BIG Moments task players with replicating game-defining moments from real-world NBA games as closely as possible, while NBA Rewind lets you replay entire contests, jumping in and out whenever you like. Replicate (or stop) a big run from last night’s marquee match-up, hop in to take the game-winning shot, replay the entire game from tip-off to final whistle or anything in between. Content in LIVE Seasons is refreshed throughout the NBA Season. [EA Sports]
NBA Live 16,Xbox One,Sports,60,5.6,E,EA Sports,LIVE Pro-Am is a fast-paced way to Rise Together with your friends. Pro-Am features LIVE Run and Summer Circuit, two online multiplayer modes that let you compete on iconic indoor and outdoor courts across North America. Play 5-on-5 street ball in LIVE Run. Meet NBA greats on the courts that made them famous in Summer Circuit. 
Necropolis,Xbox One,Action Adventure,64,tbd,NaN,Harebrained Schemes LLC,A blend of third-person action and procedural dungeon-delving. Oh, and perma-death. Adventure alone or with up to 3 friends in a magical deathtrap that reconstructs itself each time you play. Will you find the exit, or die trying?
Need for Speed,Xbox One,Racing,65,7.8,T,Ghost Games,Jump behind the wheel of some iconic cars and put the pedal to the metal through Ventura Bay, a sprawling urban playground. Explore overlapping stories as you establish your reputation – and your dream car – and become the top racing icon. Play repeatedly this time, you have five distinct ways to win.
Need for Speed: Rivals,Xbox One,Driving,75,5.8,E10+,Ghost Games,Need for Speed Rivals inserts gamers behind the wheel of both sides of the thin blue line, daring them to cross that line as either a cop or racer in order to gain any advantage in the street’s ultimate rivalry. Players decide between two distinct career experiences, each with its own set of high-stakes challenges, rewards, pursuit tech and cars. The intensity of the action is enhanced as a result of AllDrive, a feature that destroys the line between single player, co-op and multiplayer. Through AllDrive, friends are connected to one racing world where their races and chases can collide at any time.
Need for Speed: Rivals - Complete Edition,Xbox One,Driving,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Ghost Games,Own the complete Need for Speed Rivals package, including the full game plus all six previously released downloadable content packs. Welcome to Redview County, play as either cops or racer with unique gameplay for each side. Compete in an all-out war featuring the fastest cars, mods and technology in a gritty open road environment. Additional Packs included: Simply Jaguar Complete Pack Ferrari Edizioni Speciali Complete Pack Concept Lamborghini Complete Pack The Koenigsegg Agera One Complete Movie Pack Loaded Garage Pack The downloadable version of this game supports English, French, Italian, German, Spanish, Portuguese, Japanese.
Neon Chrome,Xbox One,Action,72,tbd,T,10tons Entertainment, 10tons,Neon Chrome is a ruthless top-down cyberpunk shooter with rogue-like elements including procedural levels and ruthless gameplay. Blast your way through walls with guns and cybernetic abilities and try alternate approaches with different roles like the Assassin or the Cyber Psycho. 
Never Alone,Xbox One,Action,66,7.0,E10+,Upper One Games,Developed in partnership with the Alaska Native community, Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) is an atmospheric puzzle platformer that explores the harsh and dynamic world of Alaska Native stories. Delve deeply into the traditional lore of the Inupiat people of the Arctic.
Never Alone: Arctic Collection,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Upper One Games, E-Line Media,Experience the epic journey of Nuna and Fox as they search for the source of an eternal blizzard that threatens the survival of everything they have ever known. Never Alone is an atmospheric puzzle platformer developed in collaboration with the Inupiat, an Alaska Native people, drawn from a traditional story that has been shared across the generations. Guide both characters in single-player mode or play cooperatively with a friend or family member as you trek through frozen tundra, leap across treacherous ice floes, swim through underwater ice caverns, and face numerous enemies both strange and familiar in the journey to save the girls village. Foxtales features three all new levels full of environments to explore, puzzles to solve and enemies to face. Travel across open seas, swim through the ruins of a sunken village and paddle up the Noatak River on a mission to rescue a new friend. The Never Alone Arctic Combo Pack includes both Never Alone (Kisima Ingitchuna) and the Foxtales DLC.
Never Alone: Foxtales,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Upper One Games,I know another story. I heard this one from Panik. There were two friends. One of them was a good fighter in Inupiaq games and a good hunter. One of them was a good swimmer. The two friends were brave. Whenever they had to cross the sea from Deering to Kotzebue, they would use only willow as their boat paddles...
Neverwinter,Xbox One,Role-Playing,66,4.9,T,Cryptic Studios,Once a bustling location, Neverwinter has faced a great many disasters in the past hundred years. Rule of the city remains unclear following the unfortunate demise of the last Lord of Neverwinter and factions still battle for dominance after the all-consuming Spellplague took a high toll on the population. Even Neverwinter's dead are beginning to rise from their graves and march upon the city they once called home.
Neverwinter: Underdark,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Cryptic Studios,Adventurers begin their descent by starting the questline written by acclaimed author R.A. Salvatore where they’ll team up with characters such as Bruenor Battlehammer and Drizzt Do’Urden. After completion, head into the hub town of Mantol-Derith to begin the fight against the demons. R.A. Salvatore’s characters may also make appearances in the new Demonic Heroic Encounters. [Arc Games]
NHL 15,Xbox One,Sports,59,3.2,E10+,EA Sports,The Skill Stick purports to give more control to the player. Protect the puck, receive passes without breaking stride, and discover an arsenal of sweet new dekes, all with an intuitive right stick control scheme. The game features Doc Emrick, Eddie Olczyk and analyst Ray Ferraro providing play-by-play and commentary throughout the proceedings.
NHL 16,Xbox One,Sports,80,6.0,E10+,EA Sports, EA Canada,Players who are drawn to team experiences can jump into either 6 v. 6 Online Team Play, Online Couch Co-op, or the EA SPORTS Hockey League, that’s been re-formulated to deliver a new player class system for a more competitive and balanced experience. Players who want to build their own legacy can dive into Be-A-Pro, which allows them to start their career in the minors and takes them through a new progression system where how they play on the ice shapes who they become in the NHL. And if players are more akin to armchair GMs, not only can they navigate the machinations of draft day and manage their AHL affiliate team, they can now also manage the morale of individual players on their team.
NHL 17,Xbox One,Sports,77,4.1,E10+,EA Canada, EA Vancouver,NHL 17 introduces three new modes that connect you to the sport to live out your hockey fantasy. The new Draft Champions mode introduces the fantasy draft with fast rounds of superstar picks. For the first time in EA SPORTS NHL history, the World Cup of Hockey game mode lets you take to the ice on a global stage and compete with your national hockey heroes. The next generation of Be a GM introduces Franchise Mode where you answer directly to the owner and take total control of the team and the business, from fan concessions to promotional nights to the arena and city you compete in. NHL 17 also brings gameplay control over every inch of the ice. The new Net Battle system lets you fight for that critical space in front of the crease on offense and defense. Authentic goaltenders both look and play the part with true-to-life stances and smarter Reactionary Save Intelligence that lets goalies read and react with an athletic save or get big with the body to block the puck. Improved hitting, passing, puck pick-ups and skating let you own every zone and dozens of new goal celebrations bring the crowd to their feet making your biggest moments memorable. [Electronic Arts]
Nightmares from the Deep 2: The Siren's Call,Xbox One,General,69,tbd,E10+,Artifex Mundi,Answer the siren`s call and defeat the cruel Mayor Murray and his pet sea monster, the Kraken.
Nightmares from the Deep: The Cursed Heart,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,T,Artifex Mundi,Dive into an epic journey as a museum owner in pursuit of an undead pirate who has kidnapped your daughter in Nightmares from the Deep: The Cursed Heart! You quickly realize that the undead pirate is entangled in a tragic, centuries-old love story, and wants to resurrect his mistress with the youth’s life force. You must act quickly to save the young girl's life before it is too late. Travel through haunting seas, ruined fortresses, and bone covered catacombs as you uncover secrets from the past!
Ninja Pizza Girl,Xbox One,Action,63,tbd,E10+,Disparity Games,Ninja Pizza Girl is a serious game about self-esteem, bullying and resilience and pizza delivering ninjas!
No Time to Explain,Xbox One,Action,52,5.2,T,tiny Build GAMES, tinyBuild,No Time To Explain is a game about Time Paradoxes, Jetpack Guns and Ribs In People's Eyes. It's a comedy platformer featuring great music, voice acting and gameplay that becomes more ridiculous as you go.
Not A Hero: Super Snazzy Edition,Xbox One,Action,75,tbd,M,roll7,Professional assassin turned amateur campaign manager Steve is charged with cleaning up the city by an anthropomorphic rabbit and mayoral candidate from the future named BunnyLord. Now Steve and his expanding roster of dubious heroes must wield their unique skills to shoot, slide, dive, and take cover behind a political platform built on ethics, accountability, and an inordinate amount of gunfire. Eliminate the criminal underworld of the city’s three major districts and persuade undecided voters to your cause, tackling the issues that matter by putting a gun in the mouth of those issues.
NOVA-111,Xbox One,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Funktronic Labs,NOVA-111 is a sci-fi themed turn-based adventure game with a twist of real-time action. Navigate your trusty orange science vessel as you voyage through mysterious planets in search for the famed scientists who were lost into the cosmic REAL-TIME vortex.
Nutjitsu,Xbox One,Action,50,4.4,E,NinjaBee,Become the squirrel. The kitsune have taken the sacred relics of your clan. Vengeance will be yours! Sneak through beautifully hand-painted levels as you retrieve the stolen artifacts from the villainous samurai. Steal back precious acorns as you dodge an ever-increasing number of vigilant foxes. Snatch victory with your tiny paw!
Obliteracers,Xbox One,Racing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Space Dust Studios, Varkian Empire,Intergalactic party racing mayhem! Obliteracers is an award-winning same-screen party racer for up to 16 players. Race brutal-cute aliens on exotic planets, using weapon powerups and physics-based vehicles to annihilate your competition in frantic round-based combat. Connect spare gamepads, laptops and smart devices as extra controllers. Stragglers will be eliminated... only one alien shall prevail!
Oceanhorn: Monster of Uncharted Seas,Xbox One,Action Adventure,72,8.2,E10+,Cornfox & Bros.,You wake up and find a letter from your father. He is gone The only lead is his old notebook and a mysterious necklace. What happened? Oceanhorn: Monster of Uncharted Seas is an epic action-adventure experience. In the game you explore the islands of Uncharted Seas, a world filled with many dangers, puzzles and secrets. You must fight monsters, learn to use magic and discover ancient treasures, which will help you on your quest. Use all of your wits and skill to unravel the mysteries of the ancient kingdom of Arcadia and the sea monster, Oceanhorn.
Octodad: Dadliest Catch,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,7.8,E10+,Young Horses, Inc,Octodad: Dadliest Catch is the sequel to the splash hit, Octodad! This time, our cephaloprotagonist has gotten himself in a bind between his wifes mounting mistrust, and a disastrous trip to the local aquarium! Are you dad enough to control the titular octopus father as he strives to hide his nautical nature from his family while keeping his tangled tentacles intact?
Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee - New 'n' Tasty,Xbox One,Action,86,8.4,T,Just Add Water,Rescue your fellow meat factory slaves in this nostalgic, classic platformer with the latest immersive graphics and design.
Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee - New 'n' Tasty: Alf's Escape,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Just Add Water,Abe, charged with rescuing as many fellow Mudokons as he can, finds one particularly lazy individual - Alf - deep within RuptureFarms. It was previously the stuff of myth and legend, but now it's yours to experience first hand as part of Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty.
Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee - New 'n' Tasty: Deluxe Edition,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Just Add Water,NaN
OlliOlli,Xbox One,Sports,78,6.8,E,Tom Hegarty,OlliOlli mixes one-life gameplay with over 120 tricks and grinds across 50 deviously crafted levels, 250 Challenges, Spots Mode and Daily Grind. Not enough for you? Complete all challenges to unlock the super skilful RAD Mode. Rack up the biggest and coolest combos along the way then time your landing to perfection to rule the leader-boards. Compete across the world in all modes to get the highest scores on every Level and Spot.
OlliOlli2: XL Edition,Xbox One,Sports,83,6.0,T,roll7,OlliOlli2: Welcome to Olliwood plucks the iconic skater from the street and dropping him squarely in the middle of the Big Screen’s most bodacious cinematic locations.
One Hundred Ways,Xbox One,General,No score yet,tbd,E,Sunlight Games,The Xbox One-version contains 18 exclusive new level and was optimized for controlling with the Xbox One gamepad. They have also optimized the graphics.
One Piece: Burning Blood,Xbox One,Action,60,6.4,T,Spike Chunsoft,Embark with the Straw Hat Crew and collect your bounty in this anime fighter. Use Devil Fruit abilities, Haki techniques, and punishing combos to turn the tide in the ultimate One Piece battle royale. Step into the New World with over the top head to head combat featuring all the action, drama and comedy of this infamous pirate saga.
One Piece: Burning Blood - Gold Edition,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,NaN,NaN
One Piece: Burning Blood - Luffy Pack,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Spike Chunsoft,NaN
One Piece: Burning Blood - Playable Character Pack,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Spike Chunsoft,NaN
One Piece: Burning Blood - Wanted Pack,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Spike Chunsoft,NaN
One Piece: Burning Blood - Wanted Pack 2,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Spike Chunsoft,NaN
Onigiri,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.5,NaN,Cyberstep,Onigiri is an action packed MMORPG without an automatic targeting system. The game takes place in an alternate ancient Japan and the cast of characters is deeply rooted in Japanese folklore, mythology and fairy tales. The enemies include Japanese apparitions
ORBIT,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,4Bit Games,NaN
Organic Panic,Xbox One,Puzzle,66,tbd,NaN,Last Limb Games,Organic Panic is a physics-based puzzle-platformer that pits the main food groups against each other in a chaotically fun and lighthearted battle royale extravaganza! What brings all the madness together is the incredible D.A.F.T. (Destructible and Fluid Technology) Engine. Anything goes, because nearly every environmental element (characters, platforms, enemies, weapons, etc.) can be controlled and manipulated in some clever way.
Ori and the Blind Forest,Xbox One,Action,88,8.5,E,Moon Studios,Ori and the Blind Forest is a bit of a genremix – It’s a ‘Metroidvania‘, but with a stronger platforming focus and light RPG elements, all set within an atmospheric world.
Ori and the Blind Forest: Definitive Edition,Xbox One,Action,88,7.3,E,Moon Studios,Ori and the Blind Forest: Definitive Edition delivers a multitude of new areas, difficulty options, and gameplay upgrades that should appeal to both new and seasoned Ori players.
Outlast,Xbox One,Action Adventure,80,7.9,M,Red Barrels,Investigate the inside of Mount Massive Asylum and live to uncover the mystery. In the remote mountains of Colorado, horrors await inside Mount Massive Asylum. A long-abandoned home for the mentally ill, it has been recently re-opened by the research and charity branch of the transnational Murkoff Corporation and operates in strict secrecy... until now. Acting on a tip from an anonymous source, independent journalist Miles Upshur breaks into the facility and what he discovers treads a terrifying line between science, religion, nature and something else entirely. Once inside, his only hope of escape lies with the terrible truth at the heart of Mount Massive. Outlast is a true survival horror experience which shows that the most terrifying monsters of all come from the human mind itself. Are you prepared?
Overcooked,Xbox One,Action,78,5.8,E,Ghost Town Games Ltd.,Overcooked is a chaotic couch co-op cooking game for one to four players. Working as a team, you and your fellow chefs must prepare, cook and serve up a variety of tasty orders before the baying customers storm out in a huff. Sharpen your knives and dust off your chef’s whites, there isn’t mushroom for error and the steaks are high in these crazy kitchens. [Xbox.com]
Overlord: Fellowship of Evil,Xbox One,Role-Playing,36,3.6,T,Codemasters,A dark and twisted action RPG characterized by the series’ signature black humor.
Overruled!,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Dlala Studios,Overruled is a multiplayer brawler like no other where the players change the rules as they play, directly influencing the dynamics and direction of combat. Challenge up to three friends with both local and online multiplayer to a battle and the person with the most points at the end will win the game!
Overwatch,Xbox One,Action,91,5.6,T,Blizzard Entertainment,Overwatch is a highly stylized team-based shooter set on earth in the near future. Every match is an intense multiplayer showdown pitting a diverse cast of soldiers, mercenaries, scientists, adventurers, and oddities against each other in an epic, globe-spanning conflict.
Oxenfree,Xbox One,Action Adventure,78,7.0,NaN,Night School Studio,Oxenfree is a supernatural thriller about a gaggle of friends who inadvertently open a ghostly rift. You assume the role of Alex, and you’ve just brought your new stepbrother Jonas to an overnight island party gone horribly wrong. 
Pac-Man 256,Xbox One,Action,80,6.3,E,HIPSTER WHALE,Control Pac-Man as you devour pellets and ghosts in an endless maze, and you must continue moving forward as a wave of glitches follow and destroy you if they get too close. The game ends when you die, so getting as many points as possible is key.
Pac-Man Championship Edition 2,Xbox One,Action,76,8.4,E,Bandai Namco Games,A new sequel in the PAC-MAN Championship Edition series comes to next-generation consoles and PC. Taking highlights from the past, PAC-MAN Championship Edition 2 takes the best aspects from Championship Edition and Championship Edition DX and evolves the game for the future Featuring 3D graphics and funky visuals, the latest version of the classic game takes chomping and chasing through mazes to a new level.
Pac-Man Championship Edition 2 + Arcade Game Series,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,NaN,E,Bandai Namco Games,NaN
Pang Adventures,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,DotEmu,The Pang series is a beloved collection of arcade video games from the early 90s. Guide two brothers on a quest around the world to save humankind from a massive alien invasion. Use your wits and skills to overcome the attack balls pouring from the skies and rescue the world’s cities and landmarks from impending annihilation. [Xbox.com]
Paranautical Activity,Xbox One,Action,48,4.3,T,Code Avarice,Paranautical Activity combines the classic FPS action of games like Doom and Quake, with the randomness and difficulty of modern roguelikes like Binding of Isaac and Spelunky.
Party Hard,Xbox One,Action,51,6.4,M,Pinokl Games,In Party Hard, you assume the role of someone who is really tired of the neighbors having loud parties. Instead of calling the police, you decide it’s a better idea to kill everyone – using your faithful knife and the environment. The tactical strategy follows a series of killings at parties through-ought the USA.
Payday 2: Crimewave Edition,Xbox One,Action,65,3.2,M,Overkill Software,Payday 2 is an action-packed, four-player co-op heist shooter that once again lets gamers don the masks of the original Payday crew - Dallas, Hoxton, Wolf and Chains. The new CrimeNet network offers a huge range of dynamic contracts and players are free to choose anything from small-time convenience store hits or kidnappings, to cyber-crime or emptying out bank vaults. As the crew progresses the jobs become bigger, better and more rewarding. Along with earning more money and becoming a legendary criminal comes a new character customization and crafting system that lets crews build and customize their own guns and gear.
Payday 2: The Big Score,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,M,Overkill Software,PAYDAY 2 - THE BIG SCORE has all the DLC from PD2 that has been released up through the end of 2015. That's right, all the heists, weapons, characters, masks and more.
Peggle 2,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,77,7.2,E,PopCap,Peggle 2 injects players into the peg-popping vista of the original while delivering an array of new features and functionality. Peggle 2 offers all-new levels, new and improved power-ups, fantastic multiplayer modes, gesture controls with Kinect for Xbox One, the ability to customize the "Peggle Masters" who host the game, and much more.
Peggle 2: Jimmy Lightning DLC Pack,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,6.8,E,NaN,Its time to get ready for lightning in Peggle 2 . . . Jimmy Lightning! Everybodys favorite Peggle gopher (from the original Peggle) is back and ready to crush Peggle boards with his unbelievable Multiball power, updated and awesomized for the discriminating Peggle 2 player! The exciting new Jimmy Lightning Master Pack features 10 all-new levels, 10 all-new trials, 30 all-new objectives and 3 achievements that are - yes! - all new. Ride the lightning and join Jimmy for some frantically fabulous Peggle 2 action today!
Peggle 2: The Windy's Master Pack,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,5.1,E,NaN,The Windyâ€™s Master Pack contains a Windy the Fairy, an â€œimpish little spriteâ€ with a Fairy Flock power which swaps out blue pegs for purple pegs. It also contains 10 new levels, 30 additional objectives and three new achievements. A much-desired Colorblind Mode has also been introduced.
Penarium,Xbox One,Action,72,tbd,T,Self Made Miracle,Penarium is a frantic 2D arena arcade game in which you take on the role of quirky antihero, Willy. Willy is trapped in a crazy circus show where he needs to run, jump, and avoid an array of killer death-traps while being cheered on by a sadistic crowd that’s out for blood — his blood. [Self Made Miracle]
Perfect Woman,Xbox One,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,M,Peter Lu & Lea Schonfelder,Perfect Woman is a game inspired by the ubiquitous personality questionnaires featured in women’s magazines and the female roles they define. There are so many such roles emphasizing aspects of family, career, experience, sex and more. But these can not possibly characterize the depth and complexity of a woman’s life. Perfect Woman uses these stereotypes as building blocks for you to be your OWN perfect woman. [Microsoft]
Pharaonic,Xbox One,Role-Playing,71,tbd,M,Milkstone Studios,Death awaits at every corner in Egypt, and only the most audacious warriors will have any chance of success. The Pharaohs army and countless dangerous creatures will stand in your way.
Pier Solar and the Great Architects,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,5.5,T,Watermelon Development,Pier Solar is a love letter to the rich, imaginiative 16-bit RPGs of a bygone era. It was originally designed and developed for the SEGA Mega Drive & SEGA Genesis. Yes, you read that right!! It was actually the only freshly developed of its kind in the new millennium. It's not a port, fan translation, or a copy of any other game. Pier Solar is a 100% brand new, entirely original,16-bit RPG with an original world, storyline, soundtrack, characters, enemies and a unique battle style.
Pinball FX 2,Xbox One,Action,85,7.0,E10+,Zen Studios,Pinball FX is back, and it's better than ever! Pinball FX 2 offers improved graphics and a host of new features for novices and experts alike: a new state-of-the-art physics model that surpasses anything available so far, Operators Menu with custom settings and advanced play info, automatic in-game challenges against your friends, and split-screen local multiplayer mode-a first in video pinball history! Pinball FX 2 also offers full backward compatibility for Pinball FX owners-download Pinball FX 2 free and play all your Pinball FX tables within Pinball FX 2!
Pinball FX 2: Aliens Vs. Pinball,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zen Studios,Survive Xenomorph encounters in three thrilling pinball tables inspired by the ALIEN franchise. 
Pinball FX 2: Balls of Glory,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zen Studios,Balls of Glory combines four hit animated TV show properties: FAMILY GUY, AMERICAN DAD!, BOB’S BURGERS, and ARCHER, representing one epic pinball experience and features voice talent and sound effects from each hit TV show.
Pinball FX 2: Guardians of the Galaxy,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,7.8,E10+,Zen Studios,Join the Guardians of the Galaxy as they attempt to to defeat a cosmic force of epic proportions. Led by the interstellar adventurer Star-Lord, the ragtag band of outsiders, misfits and swashbucklers must defeat Ronan the Accuser, and secure the mysterious Orb in their possession.
Pinball FX 2: Iron and Steel Pack,Xbox One,Action,74,tbd,NaN,Zen Studios,Wanna battle your way through menacing hordes of Vikings or take on a crooked gang of outlaws in the Old West? You can do that and more in Iron & Steel Pack, an exciting pinball table two-pack that combines Zen's own epic medieval adventure CastleStorm with Wild West Rampage, an all-new table where you can play as Cindy, a tough-as-nails frontier bounty hunter in the Old West! Barge into a world of dragons and trains, swords and six-shooters, the perfect blend of the Middle Ages and the Wild West!
Pinball FX 2: South Park: Super-Sweet Pinball,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Zen Studios,NaN
Pinball FX 2: Star Wars Rebels,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zen Studios,Join the cunning Rebel crew of the Ghost starship as they embark on their journey to become heroes with the power to ignite a rebellion. These few alone are brave enough to defy the evil Empire on this unique pinball table based on Star Wars Rebels!
Pinball FX 2: The Walking Dead,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Zen Studios,NaN
Pinball FX 2: Venom,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zen Studios,NaN
Pinball FX2 - Marvel's Ant-Man,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zen Studios,NaN
Pinball FX2 - Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zen Studios,NaN
Pinball FX2 - Portal Pinball,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zen Studios,NaN
Pinball FX2: Marvel's Women of Power,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zen Studios,Combining a plethora of stellar female Super Heroes from the Marvel Universe, the Marvel's Women of Power two-pack combines two tables starring Ms. Marvel, Black Widow and more. Defeat Bombshell with Ms. Marvel and friends in Champions, and wage an epic battle in an alternate reality in the A-Force table.
Pixel Piracy,Xbox One,Strategy,53,3.1,T,Abstraction Games,Presented by the creators of TERRARIA. Lead the life of a pirate captain in this open world rogue like sim. Recruit a crew, outfit them, customize your ship and set sail on the open seas! There you’ll use any combination of aggression, diversion and trade to become the most infamous pirate crew of the seven seas. You can raid, pillage and plunder everything in your path, divert and lie to get what you want, or trade for a quick buck. Adventure awaits.
Plague Inc: Evolved,Xbox One,Strategy,80,7.5,E10+,Ndemic Creations,Can you infect the world? Your pathogen has just infected 'Patient Zero'. Now you must bring about the end of human history by evolving a deadly, global Plague whilst adapting against everything humanity can do to defend itself. Plague Inc: Evolved is a unique mix of high strategy and terrifyingly realistic simulation which is now available on PC via Steam Early Access. Plague Inc. has infected over 25 million players to date and has now been entirely redeveloped for PC. Get ready to take strategy gaming to the next level!
Plants vs Zombies: Garden Warfare,Xbox One,Action,76,7.4,E10+,PopCap,Plants vs Zombies: Garden Warfare has players blast zombies, plants, and new characters with inventive weapons across a mine-blowing PvZ world.
Plants vs Zombies: Garden Warfare 2,Xbox One,Action,80,8.1,E10+,PopCap,In Plants vs. Zombies Garden Warfare 2, the zombies have conquered, and the plants are on the attack for the first time in this  shooter. In your Backyard Battleground you can edit your character’s abilities and customizations, choose quests, jump into co-op or multiplayer action modes, or invite up to three friends in to your backyard to start a party and take on AI – defeat a wave, and a more powerful wave will show up. You can also switch teams to challenge your friends. Backyard Battleground is your own frontline base to plan your attack before you enter the battle for Zomburbia. [EA]
Platinum Demo: Final Fantasy XV,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,5.8,NaN,Square Enix,FINAL FANTASY XV whisks players away to a fragmented dreamscape, introducing an original story with a few unique twists. Join young Noctis and his magical guide as you explore the fantastical world of his dreams.
Pneuma: Breath of Life,Xbox One,Sci-Fi,63,6.8,E,Deco Digital,Pneuma: Breath of Life requires you to think outside the box via a narrated story of self-discovery, whilst exploring the ontological mystery of the breath of life.
Polychromatic,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Brushfire Games,Polychromatic is a physics-based arcade shooter with a dash of color. 
Pool Nation FX,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,5.4,E,Cherry Pop Games,Pool Nation FX is the ultimate Pool Simulator for Xbox One. Prepare yourself for pixel perfect physics, photo-realistic graphics and super detailed visuals in this truly immersive representation of the sport. Practice, spectate and play live matches seamlessly online, compete in Leagues, share, challenge and create epic trickshots within our exclusive Trickshot Editor, enrol in the Pool Nation Cup, explore our unique rule set customisation tool and re-discover this much-loved sport. Pool Nation FX flawlessly blends reality with the impossible, resulting in the finest example of digital pool you will ever play.
Powerstar Golf,Xbox One,Golf,65,5.7,E,Zoe Mode,Tee up for fun with Powerstar Golf for Xbox One. Whether you’re playing a round to unwind and admire the amazing vistas or a pro trying to climb the leaderboards for bragging rights, it’s time to load up the cart and aim for the green.
Prison Architect,Xbox One,Strategy,74,6.7,M,Introversion, Double Eleven,Will you build and manage a prison to create social order where it’s failed in the past, offering rehabilitation and peaceful coexistence amongst inmates? Will your prison disregard human rights, impose intentional harshness and be devoid of any notions of wellbeing and freedom? The choice is yours.  In Prison Architect you will see the impact of your grand design on the lives of your inmates; be it a utopic center for rehabilitation, a brutal Super Max Prison or anything in between. Even when all of your prisoners’ needs are met, remember one thing - it’s still a prison and no one really wants to be there.
Prison Architect: All Day And A Night,Xbox One,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,M,Double Eleven,NaN
Pro Evolution Soccer 2015,Xbox One,Action,79,7.3,E,Konami,Master a renewed array of dribbling techniques and use your speed, runs and responsive sprints to outdo your opponents. Accost defenders using each player’s dribbling skills, as opposed to relying on gimmick moves. Gamers now have full control over when to close down, tackle, or hold up play. Successful defending is based solely on the decisions the gamer makes. PES 2015 now reflects the atmosphere of a top-tier match. Fan animations have been enhanced, and the ebb and flow of a match is met with context-sensitive crowd effects and movements. 
Pro Evolution Soccer 2016,Xbox One,Sports,85,6.3,E,Konami,The upgraded feint moves allow for sudden directional changes that can cause defenders to lose their balance. But the developers have added a new system to the defenders arsenal. With Perfect Defence, players who time their tackles perfectly are able to powerfully shove their opponent out of the way and instantly secure the ball, allowing to create direct turnarounds and counter opportunities.
Pro Evolution Soccer 2017,Xbox One,Sports,88,6.3,E,Konami,In PES 2017, the 1st touch is calculated by player attributes, as well as the further inclusion of real ball physics directly controlled by the input ball touch. See how different players control the ball in unique and different ways based on where and how you control them, dictating the flow of the game based on how they react to the unpredictable movement of the ball. In addition, there is more control in how you receive passes, and depending on the pass, players can visually execute the exact play intended, from receiving a pass to sending the ball out again. [Konami]
Professional Farmer 2017,Xbox One,Simulation,33,tbd,E,Visual Imagination Software,Enjoy the life of a farmer with all its myriad tasks and challenges. Drive your unique vehicles, cultivate your fields, take care of your animals, and market your produce. Different seasons and weather conditions promise realistic game fun.
Project CARS,Xbox One,Driving,81,5.8,E,Slightly Mad Studios,Create a driver, pick from a variety of motorsports, and shift into high gear to chase a number of Historic Goals and ultimate recognition in the Hall Of Fame. Then test your skills online either in competitive fully-loaded race weekends, leaderboard-based time challenges, or continually-updated community events.
Project CARS: Game of the Year Edition,Xbox One,Racing,80,tbd,NaN,Slightly Mad Studios,Project CARS: Game Of The Year Edition is the ultimate choice for serious racing fans!
Project Root,Xbox One,Action,38,5.0,T,Pablo Testa,Ending Demetrio Watts is in the hands of a group of unknowns. Depends on Arcturus. The classic choot-em-'up scenario.
Project Spark,Xbox One,Action,73,6.9,E10+,Microsoft Game Studios,Project Spark gives players the power to build, play, and share their very own games and worlds on the Xbox One.
Prominence Poker,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Pipeworks Software, Inc.,Built around unsuspecting and seedy locations, Prominence is a gambling utopia founded by crooked goons, as players go heads-up against four factions and play their way solo to a final showdown with "The Mayor"-- the mysterious town founder.
Prototype,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,4.2,M,Radical Entertainment,Discover what lies beyond the edge of evolution.  An all-new, 3rd person open-world/action game, Prototype puts gamers at the helm of Alex Mercer - a genetically mutated shape-shifter with no memory of his past hell-bent on solving the mystery of his existence - as he tears through a densely populated New York City moving with Parkour-style fluidity and consuming anybody that gets in his way... assuming their physical identity, memories and abilities.
Prototype 2,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,5.5,M,Radical Entertainment,Become the ultimate shape-shifting weapon in Prototype 2. Cut through the wastelands of post-viral New York Zero and build a genetic arsenal of all-new biological weapons and abilities on your quest to murder your maker and the devil himself, Alex Mercer. Witness building-size infected beasts ambush entire city streets. Glide and parkour across the cityscape. Take on swarms of highly trained Blackwatch soldiers. Step into the role of Sgt. James Heller, and hunt, kill and become anybody who stands in your way to absorb memories and gain new abilities. Wield the unbelievable Tendril power that allows you to lift and tear apart cars and military vehicles, ensnare powerful infected beasts and shred groups of enemies to pieces. Track down your enemies by emitting sonar pulses from your body. Choose from a wide variety of new Mutation perks, including better locomotion abilities, sharper claws and enhanced disguise abilities, to build and customize the ultimate Prototype. The virus has left the city in ruins, but it's not going to stop you from achieving your goal. Unleash the true power of infection raging within you and kill Alex Mercer.
Prototype Biohazard Bundle,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,56,3.1,M,Radical Entertainment,PROTOTYPE: Discover what lies beyond the edge of evolution. Assume the role of Alex Mercer, a genetically mutated shape-shifter with no memory of his past hell-bent on solving the mystery of his existence as he tears through a densely populated New York City moving with Parkour-style fluidity and consuming anybody that gets in his way... assuming their physical identity, memories and abilities. PROTOTYPE 2: WELCOME TO NEW YORK ZERO. Prototype®2 takes the unsurpassed carnage of the original Prototype and continues the experience of becoming the ultimate shape-shifting weapon. A devastating viral outbreak has claimed the lives of Sgt James Heller’s family and transformed him into a PROTOTYPE. Powered by incredible new shape-shifting powers and abilities, you must hunt, kill and consume your way across the infected wasteland of New York Zero to take revenge on the man responsible: Alex Mercer. Download includes DLC.
Pumped BMX +,Xbox One,Racing,56,tbd,E,Yeah Us!,Made by a BMXer for everyone who loves a challenge, Pumped: BMX is a true-to-life, insanely addictive and challenging BMX game created by someone who actually rides! If you're not a BMXer the tutorials will guide you, but prepare yourself for a brutal lesson in trails style! From huge jumps to technical lines, from insane stunts to stylish flow, Pumped lets you ride the way you want to ride.
Pure Chess,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Ripstone,Chess like you're never seen it before!
Pure Chess: Grandmaster Edition,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Ripstone,Pure Chess Grandmaster Edition is a stunning celebration of the greatest strategy game of all time. Pure Chess is packed with an amazing level of features and accessible tutorials, so whether you're a budding Grand Master or playing Chess for the first time, you'll find everything you need right here.
Pure Hold 'Em,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,4.3,T,VooFoo Studios,Starting at the Jokers table on the floor of the vibrant casino work your way up to the esteemed Aces and Masters tables in the VIP penthouse.  Buy your way into a game with earned credits, play your blinds, or go all in - whatever it takes to steal the pot and win the game.  If Lady Luck is on your side, you could win big and get the chance to enter a higher level table. The higher you go, the higher the stakes and the bigger the pot.  With full online multiplayer support - you can choose to create a tournament with up to 7 friends or join an open table with other players looking for a quick poker fix.  Are you all in?
Pure Pool,Xbox One,Alternative,68,7.9,E,VooFoo Studios,The DNA option attempts to play the game like you do. 
Q,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,liica,Inc.,Are you capable of getting a ball out of a cup? 
Q*bert: Rebooted: The XBOX One @!#?@! Edition,Xbox One,Action,56,4.8,E10+,GPC Games,Q*bert Rebooted takes the arcade classic and catapults it into the 21st century 3D game play that takes full advantage of today's technologies yet remains faithful to the original Q*bert. Featuring hexagonal blocks instead of squares, Q*bert Rebooted introduces new enemies, playable characters, power-ups, traps, gem collecting, multiple characters, downloadable content and new ways to play. Features:
Q.U.B.E. Director's Cut,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,76,6.9,T,Toxic Games,The Director’s Cut is the definitive version of Q.U.B.E. featuring new content, puzzles and an all new story line from award winning writer Rob Yescombe.
Quantum Break,Xbox One,Action,77,6.8,M,Remedy Entertainment,Quantum Break blurs the line between television and gameplay, integrating the two into one seamless, uniquely immersive experience. Quantum Break weaves the cinematic action of intense gameplay with the tension and drama of scripted television, creating a world where each has a direct impact on the other.
Quantum Rush Champions,Xbox One,Racing,54,tbd,E,GameArt Studio GmbH,Quantum Rush: Champions is a futuristic racing game for the Xbox One. This special genre had been neglected for far too long.
Quatros Origins,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E,God As A Cucumber,Quatros Origins is a block puzzle game that tries to reconnect with the good old days where classic arcade games were easy to play, but difficult to master. The objective of the game, is to manipulate tetromino- and pentomino blocks, and placing them strategically to make at least one full horizontal line. At first sight it looks like a 2D game, but with each block you place, the platform will turn ninety degrees, giving you four playing fields. But every piece will affect every side.
Quest of Dungeons,Xbox One,Role-Playing,76,tbd,E10+,Upfall Studios,Quest of Dungeons is a turn based dungeon crawler game, a roguelike featuring an old 16-bit retro artistic look.
Quiplash,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,83,8.5,T,Jackbox Games, Inc.,Quiplash is a comedic party game designed with the same irreverence as The Jackbox Party Pack. Up to 8 players compete against one another to improvise clever responses to open-ended questions like “An alternate use for a banana” or “Something you’d be surprised to see a donkey do” before turning to a group vote to determine the best and/or funniest answers.
R.B.I. Baseball 14,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,5.1,E,MLB.com,Simple. Fun. Classic. The retro baseball gameplay youve been craving is back and updated with modern graphics, 2014 players and all 30 MLB teams. Play season, postseason and exhibition mode. Experience PURE FUN that everyone can enjoy solo or with a friend!
R.B.I. Baseball 15,Xbox One,Sports,46,4.8,E,MLB.com,Features authentic ballparks with unique characteristics from every Major League Baseball club. Modify your lineup with complete MLB rosters or play classic R.B.I. Baseball mode with 16 player rosters. Stat tracking by team, player and season league leaders across multiple seasons. Features over 1,000 MLB Players with detailed attributes based on hundreds of millions of data points from the MLB.com database. 
R.B.I. Baseball 16,Xbox One,Sports,34,4.8,E,MLB AM,Make the play with your favorite Major League Baseball team and win the World Series! R.B.I. 16 features enhanced lighting and graphics, revamped defensive AI, an improved batting system, and the ability to sim through games in Season mode.
Rabbids Invasion,Xbox One,Action,53,5.8,E10+,Ubisoft,Rabbids Invasion is an interactive television show airing on Nickelodeon that will utilize the Xbox One to have players interact with actions on the show.
Raiden V,Xbox One,Action,75,7.4,E,Moss,Join the war for Earth's future, where the tide of battle holds constant surprises, in this game that's easy to learn, but difficult to master. Using Xbox One cloud functionality to its fullest, now all players can easily access their data, allowing you and your comrades-in-arms to enter the fray side-by-side. [Xbox.com]
Rare Replay,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,84,7.7,M,Rare Ltd.,Rare assembles the adventures of its iconic characters in a collection of thirty games that span the decades. From its earliest 2D classics to Xbox 360 hits, Rare Replay delivers a gaming array for veteran players and newcomers alike. Includes Perfect Dark, Killer Instinct Gold, Viva Pinata, Kameo, Banjo Kazooie, Conker's Bad Fur Day, Perfect Dark Zero, and a bunch more.
Rayman Legends,Xbox One,Action,91,7.9,E10+,Ubisoft Montpellier,The Glade of Dreams is in trouble yet During a 100-year nap, the nightmares multiplied and spread, creating new monsters even more terrifying than before. These creatures are the stuff of legend: dragons, giant toads, sea monsters, and even evil luchadores. With the help of Murfy, Rayman and Globox awake and must now help fight these nightmares and save the Teensies. Rayman, Globox, and the Teensies are off wandering through an enchanted forest when they discover a mysterious tent filled with a series of captivating paintings. As they look more closely, they notice each painting seems to tell the story of a mythical world. While focusing on a painting that shows a medieval land, they are suddenly sucked into the painting, entering the world, and the adventure begins. The gang must run, jump and fight their way through each world to save the day and discover the secrets of every legendary painting.
Reagan Gorbachev,Xbox One,Puzzle,59,tbd,M,Team2Bit,The year is 1986. Cold War leaders Ronald Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev have been kidnapped by militant extremists. Once rivals, now they must cooperate… or die. Armed only with their fists and samurai swords and poison darts and pistols and shotguns and fully automatic assault rifles and grenade launchers and miniguns and bazookas some other guns – sneak, slash or shoot your way through an army of mercenaries. Save the world from nuclear apocalypse.
Rebel Galaxy,Xbox One,Action,76,7.1,T,Double Damage Games,Rebel Galaxy is a swashbuckling space adventure, with action-packed combat, exploration, discovery, trade, and “negotiation” with outlandish denizens at the edge of the known universe.
ReCore,Xbox One,Action Adventure,63,6.6,T,Armature Studio, comcept,Assume the role of Joule Adams, a young survivor of a terrible cataclysm who journeys from Earth to the desert world, “Far Eden” to build mankind’s new home. But when Joule wakes after centuries in cryo-sleep, nothing has gone according to plan… With her “Corebot” companion, Mack, Joule begins an adventure to unlock secrets from the past, defeat powerful foes, and bring new life and hope to Far Eden. The Far Eden colony was meant to be a paradise, where humans and Corebots could build a future together. Now, however, most of the Corebots have gone rogue, and the planet is plagued by violent sandstorms. In some areas these storms come and go, altering the terrain and revealing new areas to explore and new challenges to overcome. Defeat your enemies—including massive boss creatures—with creative tactics, split-second timing, and by unleashing your Corebots’ unique abilities. Craft components to customize your Corebots to create your perfect battle party, and then share your creations with other gamers online. [Microsoft]
Replay: VHS is not dead,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Neko Entertainment,REPLAY: VHS IS NOT DEAD is a platform game in which you control time in a new way. Control up to 5 different characters and synchronize their actions to complete each level. Take on the role of film director and travel through several humorous movies in REPLAY: VHS IS NOT DEAD!
Resident Evil 0: HD Remaster,Xbox One,Action Adventure,69,7.3,M,Capcom,Resident Evil 0 reveals the truth behind the Mansion Incident, the catalyst for the entire storyline of the Resident Evil series. This remastered version takes the story and gameplay of the original and adds stunning HD graphics, 5.1 channel surround sound, optional modernized controls and widescreen TV compatibility. Get ready to discover the terrible secrets lurking in the origins of evil.
Resident Evil 4,Xbox One,Action Adventure,76,7.3,M,Capcom,Resident Evil 4 marks a new chapter in the Resident Evil series. You'll rejoin Leon S. Kennedy six years after his first mission as a rookie cop from Resident Evil 2. Now a US agent, Leon is on a top secret mission to investigate the disappearance of the president's daughter. As Leon, you must make your way to a mysterious location in Europe, where new enemies await. Take them down by using enhanced aim-and-shoot features and a new action button.
Resident Evil 5,Xbox One,Action Adventure,75,8.1,M,Capcom,The biohazard threat has not ended: Just when it seemed that the menace of Resident Evil had been destroyed, along comes a new terror to send shivers down players' spines. Chris Redfield, returning Resident Evil hero, has followed the path of the evil literally around the globe. After joining a new organization, Chris heads to Africa where the latest bioterrorism threat is literally transforming the people and animals of the city into mindless, maddened creatures. He is joined by a new partner, Sheva Alomar, who lends her strength, intelligence and sharp-shooting skills to the mission. In order to survive, Chris and Sheva must work together to take on the challenges of discovering the truth behind this evil plot. Utilizing a revolutionary new 2-player co-op mode of gameplay, players assume control of either Chris or Sheva and experience Resident Evil in new ways. In Resident Evil 5, Capcom has players fearing the daylight as much as they have feared shadow in previous games.
Resident Evil 6,Xbox One,Action Adventure,63,6.2,M,Capcom,Resident Evil 6 is a Survival-Horror game that continues the struggle against the series' signature zombie inducing bio-terror, while raising the bar with all new game functionality. Players enjoy a diverse play experience, highlighted by the ability to select between three scenarios featuring multiple characters and intertwined storylines. Within these scenarios both stories and action cross paths. Additional features include zombies as well as new enemies, upgradable firepower and characters, vehicle based options, the mini-game based Mercenaries mode, and single-player and co-op play options.
Resident Evil 7: biohazard,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,M,Capcom,Fear and isolation seep through the walls of an abandoned southern farmhouse. "7" marks a new beginning for survival horror with the Isolated View of the visceral new first-person perspective. Powered by the RE Engine, horror reaches incredible heights of immersion as players enter a terrifyingly new world of fear as they fight to survive.
Resident Evil HD Remaster,Xbox One,Horror,82,7.9,M,Capcom,In 1998 a special forces unit was dispatched to investigate some bizarre murders on the outskirts of Raccoon City. Upon arrival they were accosted by a pack of blood-thirsty dogs and were forced to take cover in a nearby mansion. But the scent of death hung heavy in the air. Supplies were scarce as they struggled to stay alive. 
Resident Evil: Origins Collection,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,6.5,M,Capcom,Two games. Two nightmares. Explore the origins of the best-selling survival horror series with these remastered versions of the original Resident Evil and Resident Evil 0.
Resident Evil: Revelations 2,Xbox One,Horror,75,7.5,M,Capcom,In Revelations 2, Raid Mode begins with choosing a character, and there are several characters to match all tastes. After that, you'll customize your weapons and skills to prepare for deployment. Raid Mode has been about collecting loot such as weapons, custom parts, and currency; in Revelations 2, you'll also find treasure chests thrown into the mix. Remember, however, your ultimate goal is to find and break the goal emblem at the end of each stage. Raid Mode allows for cooperative play -- including local two-player split-screen. Grab a friend and get ready to shoot your way through this additional mode. 
Resident Evil: Revelations 2 - Episode 1: Penal Colony,Xbox One,Action Adventure,73,7.5,M,Capcom,The first episode is entitled Penal Colony. Claire Redfield, one of the only survivors of the Raccoon City incident of 1998, has since joined an NGO called Terra Save, whose mission is to assist victims of biological weaponry. During an event at Terra Save’s HQ, a mysterious force abducts Claire and her co-workers and moves them to a creepy deserted island.
Resident Evil: Revelations 2 - Episode 2: Contemplation,Xbox One,Action Adventure,74,8.0,M,Capcom,Episode 2 picks off on the island where the events of "Penal Colony" left off.
Resident Evil: Revelations 2 - Episode 3: Judgment,Xbox One,Action Adventure,73,7.8,M,Capcom,Resident Evil Revelations 2 - Episode 1 required; sold separately. Xbox Live free membership required. Xbox Live Gold membership required for multiplayer features. Episode Three: Judgment Neil is caught in the Overseer's trap. Following a clue he left behind, Claire and Moira search for a way into the Overseer's tower. Meanwhile, Barry confronts a dangerous figure with a mysterious connection to Natalia's past. Lives and ulterior motives intertwine, never knowing what fate the island has in store.
Resident Evil: Revelations 2 - Episode 4: Metamorphosis,Xbox One,Action Adventure,74,8.1,M,Capcom,Resident Evil Revelations 2 - Episode 1 required; sold separately. Xbox Live free membership required. Xbox Live Gold membership required for multiplayer features. Episode Four: Metamorphosis Claire and Moira make for the tower's top floor and a final confrontation with the Overseer. Will they survive and escape the island? Meanwhile, having learned of his daughter's fate, Barry prepares for the final confrontation, to keep Natalia from harm and have his revenge. Two timelines collide in this nail-biting final chapter.
Resident Evil: Revelations 2 - Extra Episode 1: The Struggle,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Capcom,Moira fights to survive the horrors of the island with the help of an old hand. This is her story of struggle and redemption.
Resident Evil: Revelations 2 - Extra Episode 2: Little Miss,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Capcom,Natalia dreams that her favorite teddy bear, Lottie, has gone missing. Startled, she awakens face-to-face with another version of herself. Unsure if it is still a dream, together they go in search of Lottie. This is the story of Natalia's mysterious adventure.
Reus,Xbox One,Strategy,62,tbd,NaN,Soedesco,In Reus, you control powerful giants that help you shape the planet to your will. You can create mountains and oceans, forests and more. Enrich your planet with plants, minerals and animal life. There is only one thing on the planet that you do not control: mankind, with all their virtues and and all their vices. You can shape their world, but not their will. Provide for them and they may thrive. Give them too much, and their greed may gain the upper hand.
RevErsi Quest,Xbox One,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Yokogosystems,Reversi Quest is a tactical RPG with unique battle system based on the game of Reversi. Just like the original Reversi, the battle is simple but deep and you will never know who is the winner until the very last moment. Spells play a key for battles. Spells cannot be used directly to attack the enemy but spells, such as breaking the panel, forcing the enemy to pass a turn, and summoning a special panel, can be used to change the battle situation drastically. Use spells effectively and you will be able to make the battle in your favor. [Xbox.com]
RIDE,Xbox One,Racing,54,5.3,E,Milestone S.r.l,The game features over one hundred bike models across 4 different categories: Superbikes, Supersports, Naked Bikes and Historic Bikes.
Ride 2,Xbox One,Racing,No score yet,9.6,E,Milestone S.r.l,Welcome to the temple of motorcycles, the only digital garage that will allow you to discover, transform and test the world’s fastest, most iconic and original vehicles. The top of the range of the most famous brands will await you to compete against each other in a unique videogame and show the world their full potential. Over 200 bikes are the undisputed protagonists of the new chapter of this long-waited two-wheel racing game! Feel the adrenaline rush through your veins and face the most dreadful bends with the passion and the boldness of a professional rider. [Milestone]
Riptide GP2,Xbox One,Driving,65,7.7,E,Vector Unit Inc.,Rev up your rocket-powered hydro jet and put your racing skills to the test as you rip across an ever-changing torrent of waves in Riptide GP 2. Race through futuristic cityscapes, twisting canals and rivers, open harbors and mysterious research facilities. Hurl yourself off sky-high jumps and bust out death defying stunts. Build a collection of powerful watercraft and customize their performance and paint schemes to suit your individual style. 
Rise of the Tomb Raider,Xbox One,Fantasy,86,8.0,M,Crystal Dynamics,Conquer a world strenuously protecting its secrets, endure dangers conditions and unstable landscapes, face viscous wildlife that act as guardians to ancient tombs, and explore massive interactive environments. Utilize the environment to your advantage, climb trees and go underwater to avoid or accost enemies, configure Lara's gear, weapons, and ammunition to suit your play style, dummy up explosives on the fly to wreak havoc, and wield Lara's signature combat bows and climbing axe. [Xbox.com]
Rise of the Tomb Raider: Baba Yaga - The Temple of the Witch,Xbox One,Action Adventure,73,7.8,M,Crystal Dynamics, Nixxes Software,Deep in the wilds of Siberia, there is a forbidden forest that no man will enter, where a Soviet expedition vanished without a trace. Lara enters the Wicked Vale in search of a missing man, but what she finds is a nightmare that she cannot explain. Is the witch, Baba Yaga, truly haunting the forbidden forest? Or is there more to the legend?
Rise of the Tomb Raider: Blood Ties,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,8.8,NaN,Crystal Dynamics,NaN
Rise of the Tomb Raider: Cold Darkness Awakened,Xbox One,Action Adventure,68,5.8,NaN,Nixxes Software,Decommissioned during the Cold War, a dormant weapons research base has been breached, unleashing a mysterious affliction into the Siberian wilderness that transforms men into blood-thirsty, mindless killers. Lara must overcome increasingly dangerous waves of these infected adversaries while scavenging their equipment and crafting additional gear on the fly, in kill or be killed survival-combat. Fight for your life against new enemies and complete new challenges, while discovering a way to stop or perhaps even reverse this impending catastrophe. Includes the Ushanka outfit, which reduces Lara’s damage from melee attacks, the devastating Voidhammer shotgun, and the Cold Darkness Awakened Card Pack which includes over 15 new Expedition Cards. 
Rise of the Tomb Raider: Endurance Mode,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Crystal Dynamics,Alone and in the wild, Lara must scrounge, scavenge, craft and survive the harsh elements by day, as well as lethal threats from enemies, both man and beast, by night. This is her ultimate woman-versus-wild test to push the limits of how long she can survive on her own in sprawling, unforgiving landscapes. Fire takes fuel, cold kills the unprepared, food restores health, but everything must be caught, collected, or crafted. You start with nothing and must find everything. Challenge friends to your longest survival run and battle to the top of the leaderboards for the title of Ultimate Survivor. Includes a new outfit and weapon.
RISK,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,6.4,E10+,Zoe Mode,Modern combat meets RISK - the classic game of global domination. RISK steps into the near future with modern armies. Using the 2010 rules as standard, Risk offers an exciting strategic experience. Direct the war from your high-tech control room, fighting on the classic map layout on 3D; Deploy tanks, planes and infantry All in the modern warfare twist on the classic game of global domination! Xbox Live league play allows you to compete with people from around the world.
Risk: Urban Assault,Xbox One,Strategy,No score yet,5.4,E10+,Zoe Mode,Lead your troops to victory with RISK: Urban Assault!
ROBLOX,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,4.1,E10+,ROBLOX, Inc.,Every day, virtual explorers come to ROBLOX to create adventures, play games, role play, and learn with their friends in a family friendly, immersive, 3D, environment. 
Rock 'N Racing Grand Prix,Xbox One,Racing,37,5.0,E,EnjoyUp Games,Get ready for some speed. Off Road races with your friends and family!
Rock 'N Racing Off Road DX,Xbox One,Racing,29,tbd,E,EnjoyUp Games,Get ready to enjoy Off Road races with your friends and family!
Rock Band 4,Xbox One,Action,79,6.4,T,Harmonix Music Systems,Rock Band 4 offers the unique social play of a full band experience—featuring a next-gen microphone, wireless drums and guitar, and a revamped world tour campaign mode.  Add your personal signature to every performance. With Freestyle Guitar Solo, you can string together blistering licks and wow the crowd with your own incendiary solos.  With a soundtrack featuring some of the world's biggest acts, plus an ever-expanding catalog of over 1,500 playable songs, it’s easy to put together a keen set list.
Rock Band Rivals,Xbox One,Action,81,tbd,NaN,Harmonix Music Systems,The Rock Band Rivals expansion brings new features to Rock Band 4. Perform your way through an epic rock documentary about your band in a new campaign mode, join Crews to prove your skill and crush your opponents through weekly online challenges, and get a free backstage pass to months of additional game updates, including Synchronous Online Multiplayer with your friends this holiday. [Harmonix]
Rock Zombie,Xbox One,Action,42,4.5,T,Quaternion Studio,What would happen if a concert of a female rock band was invaded by a horde of zombies?
Rocket League,Xbox One,Sports,87,8.3,E,Psyonix,Fire your rockets. High-octane team sports. Get behind the wheel of a high-flying, hard-hitting rocket powered car and drive into the Rocket League arena. Choose from a variety of vehicles to drive and customise in this football-meets-destruction derby team sport and master the skills youll need to fire home the goals. Soar high into the air to perform daring acrobatic strikes and daredevil saves, or use aggressive tactics to take down rival players at supersonic speeds.
Rocksmith 2014 Edition,Xbox One,Action,72,7.9,T,Ubisoft,The Rocksmith 2014 Edition is rebuilt from the ground up, and you'll experience improved features, a new look, more flexible and deeper practice tools, new techniques and tunings, over 50 new hit songs, and more. With the Session Mode, Rocksmith 2014 Edition takes guitar-learning to a new level by allowing you to play guitar with a virtual band that follows your every lead. Select from an assortment of backing instruments or styles, and Session Mode reacts to the notes you play.
Rocksmith 2014 Edition: Remastered,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Ubisoft,Rocksmith becomes your personal guitar teacher as it monitors how you play, dynamically adjusts the difficulty to your skill level, and slowly introduces more notes and phrases until you're playing songs note-for-note. Plug any real guitar or bass into your console or PC using the included Rocksmith Real Tone Cable and learn to play with your favorite songs. This latest edition adds six bonus songs to a tracklist filled with 50 hits. 
Rogue Legacy,Xbox One,Action,84,7.2,E10+,Cellar Door Games,Each time you die, your child will succeed you. Every child is unique. One child might be colorblind, another might have tourettes-- they could even be a dwarf.
Rogue Stormers,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Black Forest Games,Rogue Stormers combines run ‘n’ gun mayhem with roguelike and RPG elements, crazy 3D graphics and team play for one to 4 players, online and offline.
Rory McIlroy PGA Tour,Xbox One,Traditional,60,4.3,E,EA Tiburon,Gameplay offers multiple ways to play, including arcade controls where the left stick is used to control power and accuracy, with the ability to add spin to the shot while the ball is in the air. In addition to the arcade controls, the return of 3-Click swings appeals to nostalgic gamers who prefer to set power and accuracy by tapping a button rather than moving a thumbstick. Those looking for an extra challenge can turn on Tour settings. When playing with Tour controls, the length of your backswing and speed of your follow through determine power, while the club path through the ball will be the most important factor in accounting for accuracy. Fans can also mix and match all three settings to create their own custom gameplay style. Courses themselves also affect how your shots are played, as firmer, links-style courses like St. Andrews provides more bounce and roll, while softer courses such as TPC Sawgrass have less bounce and be more receptive to spin. [EA Sports]
Roundabout,Xbox One,Driving,74,4.6,M,No Goblin,Roundabout is an open world driving puzzle game where you control a constantly rotating limousine! Pick up passengers, find secret collectables, take on dangerous missions, and fall in love while reliving the 1977 rise to fame story of Georgio Manos.
Rugby 15,Xbox One,Alternative,20,3.1,E,HB Studios Multimedia,Take the helm of official teams and clubs from the most prestigious leagues: the Aviva Premiership Rugby, the PRO 12 and, in a world exclusive, the TOP 14 and PRO D2.
Rugby Challenge 3,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,6.6,E,Wicked Witch Software,Crouch! Bind! Set!
Rugby League Live 3,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,7.1,E,Big Ant Studios,Its Footy season and this is Rugby League Live 3!!!
Rugby World Cup 2015,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,4.3,E,HB Studios Multimedia,Experience the passion of rugby in the official 2015 Rugby World Cup video game. Choose from among the 20 teams in the World Cup and take part in the most prestigious competition in rugby. Rewrite history with your favorite team by taking it from the pool stage all the way to the final, or by creating your own customized tournament.
Ryse: Son of Rome,Xbox One,Action Adventure,60,6.1,M,Crytek,Ryse: Son of Rome plunges you into the chaos and depravity of the late Roman Empire. The game tells the story of Marius Titus who witnesses the murder of his family at the hands of barbarians. Seeking revenge, Marius must embark on a perilous journey of revenge, betrayal, and divine intervention. He joins the Roman army in Britannia and quickly rises through the ranks to become a General. As his war against the barbarians escalates, his quest unravels: to find his vengeance, he has to return to Rome. As Marius, you’ll engage in brutal combat and lead your forces into massive battles to save Rome from threats to its very existence.
Saints Row IV: Re-Elected,Xbox One,Action Adventure,73,7.0,M,Volition Inc.,Saints Row IV: Re-Elected + Gat out of Hell finds you leaping over buildings, singing songs, fight in a 2D side-scroller, cure cancer, save Santa Claus... all this and more awaits you when you play Saints Row IV: Re-Elected, a special bundle that includes Saints Row IV and all of its' DLC. After saving the world from a terrorist attack the leader of the 3rd Street Saints is elected to become President of the United States. Things go reasonably well for The President until an alien warlord named Zinyak attacks the white house and abducts his entire cabinet. Now stuck inside a reality bending simulation, the President and the Saints fight to save themselves, Earth, and the entire galaxy.
Saints Row IV: Re-Elected & Gat Out of Hell,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,M,Volition Inc.,Saints Row IV: Re-Elected + Gat out of Hell find you leaping over buildings, singing songs, fight in a 2D side-scroller, cure cancer, save Santa Claus... all this and more awaits you when you play Saints Row IV: Re-Elected, a special bundle that includes Saints Row IV and all of its' DLC. After saving the world from a terrorist attack the leader of the 3rd Street Saints is elected to become President of the United States. Things go reasonably well for The President until an alien warlord named Zinyak attacks the white house and abducts his entire cabinet. Now stuck inside a reality bending simulation, the President and the Saints fight to save themselves, Earth, and the entire galaxy.
Saints Row: Gat Out of Hell,Xbox One,Action Adventure,65,6.0,M,Volition Inc.,Get with Johnny Gat & Kinzie Kensington as you tear apart Hell in a mission to save the Boss’ soul. Historic icons, old friends, older enemies, a talking gun, a full length musical number and more shenanigans await you.
Saturday Morning RPG,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.7,E10+,Mighty Rabbit Studios,Saturday Morning RPG is an episodic role-playing game set in world heavily inspired by 1980s Saturday morning cartoons. Players take the role of Martin Marty Michael Hall, an average high-school student who has just been granted an incredible power. This power leads him to attract the ire of the worlds most notorious villain, Commander Hood.
Schrodinger's Cat and the Raiders of the Lost Quark,Xbox One,Action,67,tbd,E,Italic Pig,Schrödinger’s Cat is a frantic, wacky and colourful puzzle-laden platform game. Following an emergency, the Particle Zoo is overrun with hungry leptons, sticky-fingered gluons and massive bosons. Schrödinger’s Cat must sort out this chaos.
Scrabble,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Ubisoft Chengdu,Many Ways to Play - Play with friends in person, online, or add virtual opponents. Virtual opponents range from easy to very difficult to beat, and will respond to the players actions and strategies over time, allowing players to either engage in casual fun or play with a real challenge. 
ScreamRide,Xbox One,Simulation,71,4.8,E10+,Frontier Developments,Screamride is a physics-based coaster game where creativity and destruction are equally welcomed. This game features hundreds of customizable building components, physics-based destruction, cinematic collisions, unlockable levels, in-game leaderboards, global rankings and more.
Screencheat,Xbox One,Action,72,tbd,E10+,Samurai Punk,Screencheat is the ridiculous split-screen shooter where everyone is invisible so you have to screencheat (Screencheat - verb: to look at your opponents screens. Stop screencheating you cheater!). Master a wide variety of one-hit kill weapons including a blunderbuss, a car engine that shoots bouncing plasma balls and a teddy bear loaded with explosives. Train your skills in the solo time trials then engage in fast and frantic combat with up to eight players locally on the couch or online. With colourful maps, unique modes and a huge number of customisation options including wacky mutators, Screencheat is the ultimate party FPS.
Sebastien Loeb Rally Evo,Xbox One,Racing,63,8.2,E,Milestone S.r.l,Sebastien Loeb Rally Evo is an off-road racing game experience that teams players with the greatest racer in Rally history: Sebastien Loeb.
Shadow Complex Remastered,Xbox One,Action,74,6.9,T,Chair Entertainment,Shadow Complex Remastered features all the great gameplay from the award-winning classic, updated with exciting new enhancements and achievements to support its debut on PC, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.
Shadow Warrior,Xbox One,Action,74,7.9,M,Flying Wild Hog,Shadow Warrior is bold reimagining of 3D Realms' cult classic shooter from developer Flying Wild Hog (Hard Reset) and independent game label Devolver Digital (Serious Sam 3: BFE, Hotline Miami, LUFTRAUSERS) for PC and next-gen consoles.  Blending the viciously over-the-top gunplay of its predecessor with the elegant precision of the powerful katana, Shadow Warrior is an imaginative take on the classic arcade-style shooter.
Shantae and the Pirate's Curse,Xbox One,Action,79,7.8,E10+,WayForward,Embark on a brand new adventure which teams Shantae with her arch nemesis, Risky Boots! When a curse falls upon Sequin Land, Risky Boots and Shantae must join forces to battle unimaginable evil. Shantae must give up her job as Scuttle Towns "Guardian Genie" and become a pirate if she hopes to get her magic back and save the day. As a pirate, Shantae gains new weapons and tools to advance her quest and power through monsters!
Shape Up,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,58,8.3,E,Ubisoft Montreal,Exclusive to Xbox One, Shape Up combines a foundation of proven fitness methods with entertaining and rewarding workout routines displayed in a unique arcade style. Each of the three game modes keeps players engaged and motivated with quirky, points-driven fitness challenges.
Sheltered,Xbox One,Strategy,69,tbd,T,Unicube,Sheltered is a post-apocalyptic disaster management game that gives a new meaning to the term “nuclear family”. You must gather as many supplies as possible en route to the concrete underground shelter that will soon become your family home for the foreseeable dreary future. 
Sherlock Holmes: Crimes & Punishments,Xbox One,Adventure,72,6.8,M,Frogwares,It is now your turn to truly become Sherlock Holmes and lead your own investigation--actually, your investigations, as 8 captivating cases await you in Crimes & Punishments! Murders, disappearances, spectacular thefts, and other investigations will bring you to the cutting edge of the detective written in the pure tradition of Conan Doyle's novels. Each case offers real freedom to players, who will have to make important moral choices instead of simply enforcing justice by the book. All decisions have an influence in the game, so bear the weight of your choices!
Sherlock Holmes: The Devil's Daughter,Xbox One,Adventure,66,7.7,T,Frogwares,Sherlock Holmes: The Devil’s Daughter, the eighth game in the series, is an incredible adventure game with unique gameplay blending investigation, action and exploration for an extraordinary experience that will test the limits of players' nerves and intelligence. Playing as the great detective, they will have to track down evil in the darkest corners of London and the human spirit, freely exploring several neighbourhoods in the city in search of clues and suspects while they untangle a web of intrigue leading to the final stunning revelation.
Shiftlings,Xbox One,Action,63,5.8,T,Rock Pocket Games,Rock Pocket Games' Shiftlings, a platform puzzler, which can be played both alone or with a friend, revolves around two Alien Twins who are attached to each other through a cable. In single player mode the player can switch the controls between the two aliens on top of switching the size of the two, while in co-op mode, each player controls one of the two twins. Switching size between the two characters is an important part of getting through the tricky puzzles. The smaller size enables higher jumps while the bigger Twin can't jump but instead is able to push boxes and can be used as a trampoline by the smaller counterpart. The Cable, that connects to two Twins, provides both challenges but also solutions to get the two through the puzzles and to the end goal of each level.
Shovel Knight,Xbox One,Action,86,7.5,E,Yacht Club Games,Shovel Knight is a sweeping classic action adventure game with awesome gameplay, memorable characters, and an 8-bit retro aesthetic. It's a hot mashup of new and old! You play as the eponymous Shovel Knight, a small knight with a huge quest. Shovel Knight has come to this land with two goals: to defeat the evil Enchantress and quest for his lost beloved. He wields a Shovel Blade: a multipurpose weapon whose techniques have now been lost to the ages. Always honest and helpful, Shovel Knight is a shining example of the code of Shovelry: Slash Mercilessly and Dig Tirelessly!
Shovel Knight: Plague of Shadows,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,8.1,E,Yacht Club Games,Shovel Knight: Plague of Shadows is a free expansion for Shovel Knight, a sweeping classic action adventure game that won over 70 Game of the Year Awards in 2014. You play as Plague Knight, the villainous master of alchemy, in a quest all his own. Using his maniacal scientific mind, Plague Knight is seeking to concoct Serum Supernus, the Ultimate Potion. However, to retrieve these ingredients, he must extract them from his former allies… the villainous knights of the Order of No Quarter! World class platforming, music, storytelling, and art all return in Shovel Knight: Plague of Shadows; an explosive quest with a new play style, new story, new bosses, and more!
Shred It!,Xbox One,Action,53,tbd,E,EM Studios Ltd,NaN
Sixty Second Shooter Prime,Xbox One,Action,61,7.2,E,Happion Laboratories,Sixty Second Shooter Prime is a twin stick shooter with a sixty second time limit. Youll be surprised how fun that is. You have one minute  and one life!  with which to deal as much destruction as possible. The enemy hordes are relentless, so only the sharpest wits and the fastest reflexes will prevail. Will you press your luck and fly to the deep levels where the truly treacherous foes await? The clock is always ticking in this fast-paced dual-stick shooter. But thankfully, our intrepid scientists at Happion Laboratories have developed all-new weapons to help you in those sixty seconds of hell. Use missiles to build a large chain bonus or lure your opponents into deadly remote-detonating bombs. With these tools at your disposal, you can develop all kinds of strategies to make that minute last a lifetime!
Skylanders Imaginators,Xbox One,Action,77,8.0,E10+,Toys for Bob,Use the power of your imagination to create Imaginator Skylanders to battle in the ultimate adventure alongside the almighty Senseis to save Skylands.
Skylanders SuperChargers,Xbox One,Action,76,5.5,E10+,Vicarious Visions,Skylanders SuperChargers features a brand-new class of heroes, called SuperChargers who are distinct with fresh moves, powerful attacks and all-new weapons.  These SuperChargers also have special in-game abilities that help Portal Masters fight Kaos.  Twenty new SuperChargers character toys and 20 new vehicle toys will be available.
Skylanders Swap Force,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,5.5,E10+,Vicarious Visions,In Skylanders SWAP Force, Portal Masters embark on an all new adventure in the mysterious Cloudbreak Islands, home to a mystical volcano that erupts every hundred years to replenish the magic in Skylands.  During an epic battle, a brave group of Skylanders were caught in the volcano's eruption, which blasted them apart and sent them to earth.  But, the magic of the volcano gave these heroes a remarkable new power -- the ability to swap halves - turning them into a special team known as the SWAP Force.  Meanwhile, Kaos is back with a new evil plan.  And now, Portal Masters everywhere must reassemble the SWAP Force -- in their original form or in new combinations -- and send them back to Cloudbreak to save Skylands!
Skylanders Trap Team,Xbox One,Action,78,7.1,E10+,Toys for Bob,Bring the Skylanders to life. All the Skylander characters from Skylanders Spyro's Adventure, Skylanders Giants and Skylanders SWAP Force work with Skylanders Trap Team, including an entirely new cast: The Trap Masters. Trap and play as villains: Take control of bad guys. Trap bad guys with the power of TraptaniumT, release them from the crystals and use their awesome powers for good. [Activision]
Skyling: Garden Defense,Xbox One,Action,50,tbd,E,Mighty Studios LLC,In Skyling: Garden Defense, players help a young girl named Bloom restore the elevated gardens of Skyling back into a lush utopia. Adorable blight monsters have ruined the land, and it’s up to Bloom to touch every square of the garden mazes and bring them back to life. Be careful, the monsters are still roaming around waiting to snatch young Bloom. Players must use their wits and utilize switches, gates and elevators to avoid capture. Sleepy garden cats also call these gardens home. Cats can be picked up and moved to hold down switches or block a monsters path. They don’t mind, they’ll sleep anywhere.
Slain: Back from Hell,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Digerati,Slain: Back from Hell. A heavy metal inspired arcade combat with puzzle elements and gore galore. Stunning visuals and true old school gameplay accompanied by the most metal soundtrack you've ever heard.
SlashDash,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Nevernaut Games,SlashDash is a ninja party playground for up to four players. Shoot, teleport, slash, and of course dash your way to glory across beautiful play fields in four game modes.
Sleeping Dogs: Definitive Edition,Xbox One,Action Adventure,75,7.4,M,United Front Games,The Definitive Edition of the critically acclaimed, award winning open-world action adventure, reworked, rebuilt and re-mastered for Xbox One. All 24 previously available DLC extensions from the Xbox 360 version have been integrated into the game, including the story-extending episode Year of the Snake and the horror-themed Nightmare in North Point. Alongside a wealth of new technological, audio and visual improvements, Hong Kong has never felt so alive. A vibrant, neon city teaming with life, Hong Kongs exotic locations and busy streets and markets hide one of the most powerful and dangerous criminal organizations in the world: the notorious Triads. Play as Wei Shen - the highly skilled undercover cop trying to take down the Triads from the inside out. You'll have to prove yourself worthy as you fight your way up the organization, taking part in brutal criminal activities without blowing your cover. Destroy your opponents in brutal hand-to-hand combat using an unmatched martial arts system. Dominate Hong Kongs buzzing streets in thrilling illegal street races and tear it up in explosive firearms action. Sleeping Dogs Hong Kong is the ultimate playground. Undercover, the rules are different.
Slender: The Arrival,Xbox One,Adventure,59,7.1,T,Blue Isle Studios,Slender: The Arrival is the official continuation of Slender: The Eight Pages. A combined effort from the writers behind the Marble Hornets series and the development team at Blue Isle Studios, Slender: The Arrival features a brand new storyline and improved visuals.
Slice Zombies for Kinect,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,6.2,T,MADE GmbH,Well, so the zombie apocalypse is long over and there are still thousands of zombies left. So what do we do with them now? It's easy! Step in front of your Kinect and use your hands to cut, grab and shoot zombies into little pieces. Unlock funny zombie types like exploding zombies or time travelling zombies or Evil Zevel, a zombie equipped with a rocket pack flying across your TV. Slice coins to unlock new items, backgrounds and walking hands that come with powerful special abilities. 
SMITE,Xbox One,Strategy,80,7.7,T,Hi-Rez Studios,Players choose from a selection of mythical gods, join session-based arena combat, and use custom powers and team tactics against other player-controlled gods and non-player controlled minions.
Sniper Elite 4,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Rebellion,NaN
Sniper Elite III,Xbox One,Action,63,6.6,M,Rebellion,Sniper Elite 3 continues  the story of elite OSS sniper Karl Fairburne during World War II. The title takes players to the unforgiving yet exotic terrain of WWII’s North Africa conflict in a battle against a deadly new foe.
Sniper: Ghost Warrior 3,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,NaN,NaN,City Interactive,NaN
So Many Me,Xbox One,Puzzle,82,6.2,E,Extend Studio,Control Dave and his many clones to explore, solve puzzles, and take on enemies in the world of Xio. Unleash your team spirit by combining your Me's to help you solve puzzles and bring the fight to your enemies.
Soda Drinker Pro,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,31,4.4,E,Snowrunner Games,Soda Drinker Pro mixes the accuracy of Microsoft Flight Simulator with the soda of soda, leaving the player no longer thirsty and trapped in a beautiful world where they can experience every aspect of soda.
Solar Shifter EX,Xbox One,Action,53,tbd,E,Elder Games,A sci-fi bullet hell shooter with the unique ability to "shift" (teleport)- either right into the action or, in tough situations, out of it for your own sake. 
Solitaire,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,E,Bigben Interactive,NaN
Song of the Deep,Xbox One,Action Adventure,66,6.7,E,Insomniac Games,In this game you’ll explore a huge undersea world, both free-diving and in a submarine. It’s a metroidvania style of progression where you are constantly getting new abilities and figuring out ways to upgrade them as you take on the seemingly impossible obstacles that stand in your way. It’s a challenging journey, designed to test your mind and your reflexes in equal amounts. [Insomniac]
Sonic Mania,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Sega, PagodaWest Games,NaN
Soul Axiom,Xbox One,Adventure,54,tbd,T,Wales Interactive Ltd.,From the studio that brought you Master Reboot comes a first-person story-driven adventure puzzle game, set in the beautiful, haunting cyber-world of Elysia. Collect unique hand powers, discover multiple endings and choose your own destiny as you unravel the mystery of your digital afterlife.
South Park: The Fractured But Whole,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Ubisoft San Francisco,South Park: The Fractured but Whole empowers players to delve into the tender, crime-ridden underbelly of South Park with Coon and Friends. This dedicated group of crime fighters was formed by Eric Cartman, whose superhero alter ego, The Coon, is half man, half raccoon. As The New Kid, players join Mysterion, Toolshed, Human Kite, Mosquito, Mint Berry Crunch and a group of others to battle the forces of evil while Coon strives to make his team some of the most beloved superheroes in history. Creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker were involved in every step of the development of the game. [Ubisoft]
Spareware,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,5.8,T,Rusto,NaN
Sparkle 2,Xbox One,Puzzle,63,tbd,E,10tons Entertainment, 10tons,The long-awaited sequel to the award-winning hit action puzzle!
Sparkle Unleashed,Xbox One,Puzzle,62,7.0,E,10tons Entertainment, 10tons,Experience the fabled Sparkle brand action puzzle like never before! Make your way through a secluded world of mystery, light magical braziers and discover a way to banish the darkness once and for all.
Spectra: 8bit Racing,Xbox One,Driving,52,6.5,E,Gateway Interactive,"Spectra: 8bit Racing, flips the script on what weve come to expect from a music-based game." - Xbox Wire
Speedboat Challenge,Xbox One,Racing,No score yet,tbd,E,WS net,NaN
Spy Chameleon,Xbox One,Puzzle,71,6.4,E,Unfinished Pixel,Don't let the comic look fool you. Being a good RGB agent requires a lot of talent.
Squid Hero for Kinect,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E,Virtual Air Guitar Company,Squid Hero saves the planet from a new ice age! Travel across the world on this cheery and colorful adventure for all ages, using the power of Kinect to smash thousands of encroaching chunks of ice. Bring a friend or family member along! The whole game can be played in 2-player co-op mode. Switch at any time between levels! Get up and play! It's easy to start, but you'll need to hone your physical skills throughout the campaign. Pit your dexterity against crazy turbo-speed races. Challenge your accuracy in tight rhythm sections. Weave your way through minefields, smash everything on screen in bonus sections, save hapless critters in the nick of time, and battle epic giant robot bosses!
StandPoint,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E,Unruly Attractions,A labyrinth fades into view; a space you control but that holds you. Completely lost with nowhere else you could be. Standpoint is a first-person puzzle platformer where the player possesses the ability to change the orientation of the world. Explore the labyrinth-like environment, solving puzzles and collecting secrets, in order to overcome the stages of Grief. And ask yourself, do the narrator's cryptic clues to the world hide some deeper sentiment? With every wall potentially the floor, take advantage of the variety of ways to approach obstacles. Turn a perilous corridor of lasers into a simple pit. Break through barriers as you drift through the tunnels. Even use death to your advantage. When up can become down at any moment, will you fly or fall?
Star Hammer: The Vanguard Prophecy,Xbox One,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Slitherine, Black Lab Games,In the 22nd century, we left a dying earth so that a fortunate few could settle the new home we call Novus. In time, we would learn that life on a frontier colony is neither prosperous nor peaceful. Our first encounter with the nautilid started with hostilities and confusion, and ended with sacrifice. Fourteen years later, our leaders remain politically entangled and unable to see the threats that linger, both afar and within our own walls
Star Trek Online,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,5.7,T,Cryptic Studios,This massively multiplayer online game immerses you in the world of Star Trek. Now you can explore the galaxy, defend your bases and ships, and play as your favorite characters from the Star Trek TV show.
Star Wars Battlefront,Xbox One,Action,75,4.5,T,EA DICE,Star Wars Battlefront lets players live out a broad array of heroic moments and intense battle fantasies of their own – firing blasters, riding speeder bikes and snow speeders, commanding AT-ATs and piloting TIE fighters and the Millennium Falcon. These battles will take place on the iconic planets of the Star Wars universe, including Endor, Hoth, Tatooine and the previously unexplored planet, Sullust. Gamers can play as the memorable characters from the original trilogy such as Darth Vader and Boba Fett. Star Wars Battlefront features a wide range of modes tailored for different types of battles, from larger 40-person competitive multiplayer to crafted missions that are played solo, with a partner via split-screen offline or co-operatively online. [EA/Lucasfilm] 
Star Wars Battlefront: Bespin,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,EA DICE,As part of the update for the Bespin DLC, we will be raising the level cap to 70 and introduce several new Hutt Contracts for you to complete, with visual unlocks to claim and a collect new Star Cards. As with the earlier release of the Bacta Bomb, we want team play to be a focus in our future Star Cards. This is evident in both our new Asset Cards (the Shock Grenade and the Scout Binoculars), as well as our new Charge Card (Sabotage). Neither of these new cards are lethal when used by themselves, but with the backing of a trusty partner or teammate, it can decimate groups of enemies.
Star Wars Battlefront: Death Star,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,EA DICE,Dogfight in space battles, fight inside the iconic space station and trench run to take down the Empire’s ultimate weapon. You may fire when ready among one of the deadliest weapons in the galaxy.
Star Wars Battlefront: Outer Rim,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,3.0,T,EA DICE,Fight among the factories of Sullust and battle within Jabba the Hutt's palace on Tatooine.
Star Wars Battlefront: Ultimate Edition,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,NaN,NaN,EA DICE,NaN
Star Wars Pinball: The Force Awakens,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Zen Studios,Star Wars Pinball: The Force Awakens Table is an intergalactic adventure that no Star Wars Pinball fan will want to miss!
Stardust Galaxy Warriors: Stellar Climax,Xbox One,Action,85,8.9,E,Dreamloop Games,NaN
Starpoint Gemini 2,Xbox One,Strategy,71,7.8,T,Little Green Men,Starpoint Gemini 2, like its predecessor Starpoint Gemini (2011), is an open-world 3D space simulation that combines powerful RPG mechanics with the frenzy of space combat, creating a particular blend that sets itself apart from all other games in the genre.
Starwhal,Xbox One,Action,69,tbd,E10+,Breakfall,Flop it out with up to 4 players in a retro, epic narwhal battle in space.
State of Decay: Year One Survival Edition,Xbox One,Horror,72,7.1,M,Undead Labs,How will you survive the zombie apocalypse? State of Decay: Year-One Survival Edition brings the zombie survival-fantasy franchise to Xbox One. State of Decay, along with major Add-Ons Breakdown and Lifeline, is now fully remastered in 1080p. New missions, weapons, and extra content, along with improved lighting, textures, animations, and combat mechanics, will pull you even deeper into the post-outbreak world. How will you survive the zombie apocalypse? Purchase the Day One Edition and get the exclusive Preppers Pack.
Stealth Inc 2: A Game of Clones,Xbox One,Action,82,6.9,T,Curve Digital,In Stealth Inc 2, you play the role of a clone escaping a sinister and high-tech testing facility. Stealth Inc 2 tests both your brain and your reflexes over 60 varied levels linked together in a sprawling overworld. Death is never more than a few moments away, but one of the few advantages of being a clone is that death isn't all that permanent. With no loading screens and no lives to worry about, players are encouraged to use their inevitable demise as a learning tool as they navigate lasers, homicidal robots and terrifying bosses in the ultimate hostile work environment.
SteamWorld Dig,Xbox One,Action,83,7.1,E10+,Image & Form,The clock has stopped around the turn of the 19th century, and humankind has prematurely blown itself to bits. The remaining scraps are huddling in caves beneath the surface, and steam-powered robots have taken over the Wild West.
Steep,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,NaN,T,Ubisoft Annecy,In Steep, players can use the innovative trail feature to relive their most inspiring rides and trailblazing achievements, and share them on social networks with friends. Along with sharing ride replays, players can also use this feature to challenge friends to outrace them on a shared path, create epic stunts or set out to discover the massive mountain playground.
Steredenn,Xbox One,Action,79,7.0,E10+,Pixelnest Studio,Steredenn is a frenetic and chaotic space shooter, carved in big beautiful pixels, with insane boss battles. Embark in your ship and engage the fight against dreadful space pirates in a never-ending combat for your survival.
Stern Pinball Arcade,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,NaN,T,Farsight Studios,NaN
Stick it to the Man!,Xbox One,Action,76,7.1,T,Zoink!,Meet Ray, he lives in a world where everything is made out of paper and stickers. One day he has an accident and wakes up with a giant pink spaghetti arm sticking out of his brain. This gives him awesome powers and he can suddenly change the world around him by folding it, tearing it, pulling stickers off and sticking them elsewhere! And if that weren't enough, Ray can also read peoples minds! Digging into the brains of his fellow citizens, Ray can hear their thoughts and use that to his advantage. Unfortunately, Ray doesn't have much time to get to grips with his new abilities. He is framed by 'The Man' with a crime he didn't commit, and is on the run. Can you help to get Ray out of this sticky situation?
Stikbold! A Dodgeball Adventure,Xbox One,Action,72,8.8,E,Reign Bros,Take charge of Stikbold superstars Bjorn & Jerome as they set out on a heroic rescue mission in the name of love... and glory! Partake on an epic journey that will test your skill as well as your friendship, and remember - "no one is a team alone!"
Stories of Bethem: Full Moon,Xbox One,Role-Playing,75,tbd,NaN,GuGames DEV,NaN
Stranger of Sword City,Xbox One,Role-Playing,70,7.4,T,Experience Inc.,STRANGER OF SWORD CITY is the next step in the evolution of the traditional dungeon RPG genre. This title contains the three core elements of attraction for dungeon RPGs: character creation, conquering various dungeons, and dungeon crawling gameplay. Furthermore, our experience and know-how with a large number of titles within the Dungeon RPG genre has allowed us to create enhanced support features that allow our users to enjoy the title to their hearts content. Players can switch between the beautiful and fantastical art style of Yoko Tsukamoto, or the art style of Oxijiyen, an artist renowned for their cute character graphics, for the NPC illustrations in game.
Strider,Xbox One,Action Adventure,76,6.9,E10+,Double Helix Games,Originally released in 1989, Strider remains one of Capcom's most enduring franchises.  The game tells the story of Hiryu, the youngest ever "Super A" ranked agent of an elite corps known as the Striders.  Strider Hiryu receives orders to assassinate Grandmaster Meio, supreme dictator of Earth, who has plunged humanity into a dystopian dark age.
Strike Suit Zero: Director's Cut,Xbox One,Action,67,5.7,T,Born Ready Games,In the year 2299, an interstellar war rages on. In a bid to save Earth from destruction, you must take control of the Strike Suit  a revolutionary fighter craft with the ability to transform into a lethal suit of space armor. Immerse yourself in massive fleet battles where your dog-fighting skills will directly affect the fate of the cosmos. Discover a colorful and vibrant universe, with an epic story where the fate of Earth hangs in the balance and your actions will determine the outcome: preventing Earths destruction is your immediate concern but preserving its future is your ultimate goal. Engage intelligent enemy fighters and take on colossal capital ships, exploiting weak points in their super-structure to blow them apart. Upgrade your ships and customize your weapon load-outs to tailor combat to your tastes. Take advantage of four unique craft, including the Strike Suit, to experience dogfighting action as youve never seen it before.
Styx: Master of Shadows,Xbox One,Action Adventure,69,7.1,M,Cyanide,Styx: Master of Shadows is an infiltration game with RPG elements taking place in a dark fantasy universe. Guide the goblin assassin Styx through the vertical and multi-layered Tower of Akenash, home to the World Tree, source of the Amber  a powerful and magical golden sap  prowling through the shadows with aide of a host of special abilities refined throughout Styxs 200 years of history. The downloadable version of this game supports English, French, German, Spanish.
Submerged,Xbox One,Action Adventure,57,6.6,E10+,Uppercut Games Pty Ltd,Submerged is a 3rd-person, combat-free game in which the gamer explores a mysterious, flooded city and discovers the beauty of desolation in vast outdoor environments. She takes on the role of Miku, a young girl who has brought her wounded brother to the city in their small fishing boat. [Uppercut Games]
Subnautica,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Unknown Worlds Entertainment,Descend into the depths of an alien underwater world filled with resources, creatures, wonder and threats. Craft equipment and submarines to explore lush coral reefs, volcanoes, cave systems, and more – all while trying to survive. [Xbox.com]
Sunset Overdrive,Xbox One,Action,81,7.7,M,Insomniac Games,An open world with no rules: only riots. Sunset Overdrive is an ever-changing open-world game set in the not-so-distant future. A catastrophic event has left your city overrun by mutants. While the majority perish or transform, you have learned to flourish. It turns out your calling isn't picking up trash or serving food, it is mutant destruction. With an arsenal of kick-ass, overpowered weapons and a knack for traversing the city with hyper agility, its not the end of days for you. Your story has only begun.
Sunset Overdrive and the Mystery of the Mooil Rig!,Xbox One,Action,65,7.5,M,Insomniac Games,Sunset Overdrive and the Mystery of the Mooil Rig! features new story missions, two weapons, two Amps, one trap, two vanity items PLUS new quests, challenges, Chaos Squad missions, a Night Defense base, and a new boss that promises to keep you busy and distracted from the horrors of reality.
Sunset Overdrive: Dawn of the Rise of the Fallen Machines,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,5.8,NaN,Insomniac Games,Man vs. Machine: The savage battle thats been raging on for billions of years enters its latest bout in Dawn of the Rise of the Fallen Machines. A rescue mission to save Sams old mentors from the Fizzco Robotics Factory quickly turns into an all-out assault to counter-hack and dismantle Fizzco defenses. Dont worry. For you, hacking equates to pulling triggers and laying waste to a bevy of upgraded Fizzco bots. Everyone has their strengths! Featuring an all new story and area to explore, Dawn of the Rise of the Fallen Machines is a tech-tonic addition to the Sunset Overdrive universe with brand new weapons, trap, amps, enemies and outfits, including the giant Energy Ball as the latest new traversal mechanic. So, jack in and face-off against the avaricious Fizzco. One. Last. Time. Well, maybe. It depends on sales and market research, etc. You know the drill.
Super Dungeon Bros,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,NaN,E10+,React Games,In Super Dungeon Bros, teams of up to four players will control hard rocking warrior bros in the ever-changing dungeons that combine rock and fantasy with dangerous foes, deadly obstacles and hazardous puzzles. Players will take on bosses and plunder loot from the dark recesses of Rökheim where the Dungeon Bros will slay anything and everything in their path, as no challenge is too big for the Bros and their motto, “Bros B4 Foes!”
Super Mega Baseball: Extra Innings,Xbox One,Sports,80,7.6,E,Metalhead Software,Super Mega Baseball packs ultra-tight batting/pitching mechanics, a novel difficulty system dubbed “Ego”, and a baseball simulation with accurate physics and comprehensive statistics tracking.
Super Mutant Alien Assault,Xbox One,Action,62,tbd,T,Cybernate,A quick, brutal arcade platformer. You must fight off an alien assault across 12 rapid-fire single-screen levels. Each with a random combination of platform layout, objective, vending machines and enemies.
Super Night Riders,Xbox One,Racing,36,tbd,E,neko.works,NaN
Super Party Sports: Football,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,tbd,E10+,HandyGames,Charge up your soccer ball, calculate power and shoot down every rival in your way!
Super Time Force,Xbox One,Action,80,6.6,T,Capy Games,Super Time Force is a frantic, hyper-action videogame filled with total mayhem, total madness and total non-stop shooty-shooty-bam-bam destruction. And yet, it also has super sweet, soothing, perhaps even sublime, moments of sloooow motion. Every level in Super Time Force contains 3 mysterious inter-dimensional objects called Shards, which can be used to control the flow of time, slowing it down like velvety smooth molasses, allowing players to unleash a truly heroic level of dodging, weaving, sniping and precision acrobatics.
Super Toy Cars,Xbox One,Racing,47,5.4,E,Eclipse Games,Super Toy Cars is a tabletop arcade combat racing game featuring fast, cool-looking cars, impressive tracks made of everyday objects, and a bunch of power-ups that will let you destroy your opposition. Collect all the cars and upgrades to keep up with the competition as you progress in career mode, or have a quick race against AI opponents or friends. You can even play with up to four players locally.
Super Ultra Dead Rising 3' Arcade Remix Hyper Edition EX Plus Alpha,Xbox One,Action,75,6.0,M,Capcom Vancouver,Dead Rising 3 has some new downloadable content, and boy is it something else. Styled Super Ultra Dead Rising 3 Arcade Remix Hyper Edition EX Plus Alpha, its an expansion of the Dead Rising 3 universe, starring characters Nick, Annie, Chuck, and Frank... sort of. See, characters in "Super Ultra..." are actually cosplayers, dressed in various outfits from the history of other Capcom titles, from Rival Schools to Street Fighter to Dino Crisis. When the characters wear a given costume, they get, more or less, the powers associated with that particular character. So, in costume as Chun-Li from Street Fighter II, Annie gets her famous Flash Kick, whereas dressing up as Mayor Mike Haggar from Final Fight yields his timeless 360 spinning punch.
SUPERHOT,Xbox One,Modern,83,7.8,T,SUPERHOT,SUPERHOT is the first person shooter where time moves only when you move. With its gameplay and unique, stylized graphics SUPERHOT aims to finally add something new and disruptive to the FPS genre. See the bullets crawling towards you as you carefully plan your steps and aim your gun. Enjoy the mayhem that is unleashed as you put that plan into motion. Dodge bullets. Take out your enemies. One step at a time. [SuperHot Team]
Sword Coast Legends,Xbox One,Role-Playing,58,6.8,T,n-Space,Set in the lush and vibrant world of the Forgotten Realms, Sword Coast Legends offers an all-new way to enjoy the time-tested magic of playing Dungeons & Dragons as a shared storytelling experience. With a deep narrative developed by a team of long-time industry veterans and a partnership with Wizards of the Coast, the single player campaign of Sword Coast Legends brings the world of Faerun home like never before.
Tachyon Project,Xbox One,Action,74,7.8,E,Eclipse Games,In Tachyon Project you take control of Ada, a software program that has taken conscience and that was designed to hack into the most secure servers on Earth. After some rather mysterious events, Ada is thrown out of the test server where it was living and out into the Internet, but when she tries to go back there she finds she's unable to. She'll then start a journey to uncover the truth behind what happened to her creators, which she considers her parents. In the process she'll find out that things were a bit more complex than she initially thought. Tachyon Project is a dual stick shooter where we've taken concepts from the classic shoot'em up genre and tried to adapt them to the dual stick shooter genre. In Tachyon Project the player will find the gameplay versatility and speed traditional to dual stick shooters but with the variability in weapons and enemies that you usually find in shoot'em ups. The variety of weapons, secondary weapons and perks allow for hundreds of combinations for your ship. [Eclipse Games]
Tales from the Borderlands: A Telltale Game Series,Xbox One,Adventure,88,7.6,M,Telltale Games,Like all good tales, there’s more than one side to a story. Especially one about a Vault key, the Hyperion Corporation, bandits, loot, gangsters, Vault Hunters, secret Atlas tech, explosions, getaways, extortion, betrayal, and mayhem. Set after the events seen in Borderlands 2, Tales from the Borderlands is about Rhys, a Hyperion company man looking to become the next Handsome Jack, and it’s also about Fiona, a Pandoran con artist out to score the biggest of all swindles. Lured into danger by a Vault key and all it promises, the unlikely duo are thrown together with a common goal and a huge amount of mistrust. Who is telling the truth, and why is it important That’s up to you to decide. You are Rhys…and you are also Fiona, because like every tale worth telling, there are two…oh, you read that part already? Well, it’s important to remember that there *are* two sides to every story, and you my friend, you will tell this tale, or…tales, through the choices that you make. Your every decision as both Rhys and Fiona will affect the people and world around you: this is a game where YOU are the final author in a brand new Borderlands story set on the unforgiving world of Pandora. [TellTale Games]
Tales From The Borderlands: Episode 1 - Zer0 Sum,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,82,8.3,M,Telltale Games,Set following the events seen in Borderlands 2, Tales from the Borderlands focuses on Rhys, a Hyperion company man who wants to become the next Handsome Jack, and it’s also about Fiona, a Pandoran con artist intending to score the biggest of all swindles. Baited into danger by a Vault key and all it promises, the unlikely pair are thrown together with a common purpose and a great amount of mistrust. Who is speaking the truth, and why is it important? That is for you to decide. It’s important to remember that there *are* two sides to every story, and you will tell this tale, or…tales, through the choices that you make. Your every decision as both Rhys and Fiona will affect the people and environment around you: this is a game where YOU are the final author in a brand new Borderlands story set on the unforgiving world of Pandora. [Telltale Games]
Tales From The Borderlands: Episode 2 - Atlas Mugged,Xbox One,Adventure,78,8.0,M,Telltale Games,Discovering the Gortys Project fuels a madcap race to definitively figure out what the Atlas Corporation was up to prior to Hyperion's take over of Pandora. Our heroes are not the only ones on the trail. Vault Hunters, Bounty Hunters, Vasquez, and a giant monster thing with a mouth that looks like a...well, you'll see...are all in pursuit. And to further complicate matters, Rhys is being haunted by dreams of a dead despot AND what Vaughn looks like without his shirt on. Can Fiona and Sasha hold everything together? That's up to you. [Telltale]
Tales From The Borderlands: Episode 3 - Catch A Ride,Xbox One,Adventure,65,7.1,M,Telltale Games,After a dizzying escape from a near-almost-certain-death scenario (involving statuesque buttocks), Rhys and Fiona are in search of another piece of the puzzle that will lead them to the vast riches of Vault key ownership. Lost in the mysterious jungle of an Atlas terraforming facility, Fiona finds help from an unexpected mentor, Rhys continues to share brain-space with the disembodied mind of a dead dictator, and love is in the air. Pursued by the ruthless criminal 'Queenpin' Vallory, and with very little help from Vaughn's accountancy skills (or stellar abs), getting anywhere near the Vault is entirely on you.
Tales From The Borderlands: Episode 4 - Escape Plan Bravo,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,8.4,M,Telltale Games,Captured by Vallory and her thugs, Rhys and Fiona are forced to keep searching for the Vault beacon - at gunpoint. The beacon is on the Hyperion moon base - Helios - while our heroes are on Pandora... so there's the annoying cold void of death known as 'space' to overcome. Even with the help of a familiar face, and with a worryingly helpful Handsome Jack hitching a ride in Rhys’ head, getting on board the ominous ‘H’ is going to take every drop of guile, and quite possibly all the spunk you’ve got. Sacrifices will be made – can you make the tough choices needed to succeed?
Tales From The Borderlands: Episode 5 - The Vault of the Traveler,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,8.2,M,Telltale Games,In the final episode of the season, all hell is breaking loose. Jack is now in control of Helios' systems, and he is ready to reclaim his rightful place as king of Hyperion - with or without you. It's a mad dash to get out of the chaotic space station alive, as everyone scrambles to grab the final Gortys piece and high tail it back to Pandora. Can you guide our motley crew through perilous corporate dangers in hopes of getting some copious alien riches? Loyalties will be tested, secrets will be revealed, and explosions will be in large supply in this final chapter of Tales From The Borderlands.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutants in Manhattan,Xbox One,Action,55,6.0,T,PlatinumGames,Battle with your brothers through the sewers, subways, and streets of New York to defeat Shredder and Krang’s evil organization, Foot by Foot. Unleash custom combat skills and powerful team combos to save Manhattan from the overwhelming dark forces growing in the shadows.
Tembo the Badass Elephant,Xbox One,Action Adventure,70,7.3,E10+,Game Freak,TEMBO THE BADASS ELEPHANT is a larger than life, 2D side-scrolling action adventure from the creative geniuses behind the Pokémon games
Terraria,Xbox One,Action,84,7.7,T,Engine Software,Terraria? What's that?
Teslagrad,Xbox One,Action,76,tbd,E,Rain Games,Teslagrad is a 2D puzzle-platformer, where you play as a young lad who suddenly finds himself embroiled in an ancient conflict that will shake the foundations of his entire existence, and bring a gruesome truth to light.
Teslapunk,Xbox One,Action,70,7.7,E,klutzGames,Teslapunk is a classic 2D shoot-em-up with fast-paced arcade gameplay. You have to defend earth against an invasion from Mars lead by Emperor Zangórax who back on Mars is a popular DJ by night and a frantic invader by day. The Invasion takes you through 6 different levels each uniquely designed.
Tetraminos,Xbox One,Puzzle,No score yet,7.0,E,Sanuk Games,For beginners or veterans, Tetraminos offers an easy-to-learn challenge. Give your brain a workout with the 50 Puzzle mode levels, survive as long as possible in Endless mode and rack up the combos and same-colour lines to climb to first place in the online ranking. Challenge your friends in local Versus mode with up to 4 players and sabotage their boards in wild games.
Tetris Ultimate,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,59,4.3,E,Ubisoft, Ubisoft San Francisco,The world’s most-loved puzzle game arrives on next-gen consoles, and is better than ever in Tetris® Ultimate. With six exciting modes, fun new features, and unique visuals, the evolution of this iconic game is the ultimate must-have on next-gen consoles.
Tetrobot and Co.,Xbox One,Puzzle,71,tbd,E,Swing Swing Submarine,Tetrobot is the world's most popular and reliable robot, but he's not perfect. That's why Maya has built him a microscopic little brother, Psychobot.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2,Xbox One,Action,46,5.2,T,Beenox,The Amazing Spider-Man, this all-new third-person action-adventure video game builds on the story of the previous game with an alternative take on the events of the upcoming movie, while also giving players an enhanced, free-roaming web-slinging experience through a greatly expanded New York City.
The Banner Saga,Xbox One,Role-Playing,76,7.9,T,Stoic,The Banner Saga is a single player driven Viking saga in which a player’s choice in travel, conversation and combat determines the outcome of her own personal story as well as the survival of an entire civilization. 
The Banner Saga 2,Xbox One,Strategy,84,8.1,T,Stoic Jester Studios, Stoic,The award winning and BAFTA nominated saga continues in The Banner Saga 2. Continue your journey soon after the climactic events of The Banner Saga. The choices you made in the first game will affect who is alive and who is dead in this exciting sequel.
The Binding of Isaac: Afterbirth,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Nicalis,It features 25 new enemies, 120 new items, and much more.
The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,7.7,M,Nicalis,The Binding of Isaac is a randomly generated action RPG shooter with heavy Rogue-like elements. Following Isaac on his journey players will find bizarre treasures that change Isaacs form giving him super human abilities and enabling him to fight off droves of mysterious creatures, discover secrets and fight his way to safety.
The Book of Unwritten Tales 2,Xbox One,Adventure,79,8.3,T,KING Art,Join Wilbur, Ivo, Nate and Critter in another classic point-and-click adventure in the wicked world of Aventasia.
The Bridge,Xbox One,Puzzle,70,8.3,E,Ty Taylor and Mario Castaneda,The Bridge is a 2D logic puzzle game that forces the player to reevaluate their preconceptions of physics and perspective. It is Isaac Newton meets M. C. Escher. Manipulate gravity to redefine the ceiling as the floor while venturing through impossible architectures. Explore increasingly difficult worlds, each uniquely detailed and designed to leave the player with a pronounced sense of intellectual accomplishment. The Bridge exemplifies games as an art form, with beautifully hand-drawn art in the style of a black-and-white lithograph.
The Bug Butcher,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Triangle Studios,NaN
The Bunker,Xbox One,Adventure,66,6.1,T,Splendy Games,As the last remaining survivor in a nuclear bunker, Johns daily routine is the one thing that keeps him sane. But when an alarm goes off, his mind starts to self-destruct. The Bunker is a live-action psychological horror game starring Adam Brown (The Hobbit) and Sarah Greene (Penny Dreadful) with writing talent behind The Witcher, Broken Sword and SOMA.
The BunnyLord Pro Hater Pack,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,roll7,NaN
The Crew,Xbox One,Racing,64,5.9,T,Ubisoft Reflections, Ivory Tower,Take part in a wild ride to infiltrate and overtake the 510s, a gang that has grown up around Detroit's illegal street racing scene. You will need to grow your rep in the underground racing scene and sabotage their activities city-by-city throughout a fully-open world United States. Maneuver through the percolating streets of New York City and Los Angeles, cruise down balmy Miami Beach, or trek through the breathtaking plateaus of Monument Valley. Each locale comes with its own set of surprises and driving challenges to master. On your journey you will encounter other drivers on the road - all potentially worthy companions to crew up with, or future rivals to compete against.
The Crew: Calling All Units,Xbox One,Racing,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Ubisoft,NaN
The Crew: Ultimate Edition,Xbox One,Racing,No score yet,NaN,T,Ubisoft,NaN
The Crew: Wild Run,Xbox One,Racing,65,6.9,T,Ivory Tower,The Crew Wild Run takes players to what's known as The Summit, a massive gathering of drivers and racing enthusiasts facing off in a series of extreme events in well-known American locations. Players put their skills to the test competing to find out who would become king of the road. Players are free to choose dragsters designed to reach ridiculous top speeds, drift cars that demonstrate inverted control angles, unstoppable monster trucks that can perform backflips and jumps, or a wide range of agile motorcycles from respected brands geared to take on the fastest cars on and off the road. [Ubisoft]
The Crew: Wild Run Edition,Xbox One,Racing,No score yet,7.5,T,Ivory Tower,The Crew Wild Run takes players to what's known as The Summit, a massive gathering of drivers and racing enthusiasts facing off in a series of extreme events in well-known American locations. Players put their skills to the test competing to find out who would become king of the road. Players are free to choose dragsters designed to reach ridiculous top speeds, drift cars that demonstrate inverted control angles, unstoppable monster trucks that can perform backflips and jumps, or a wide range of agile motorcycles from respected brands geared to take on the fastest cars on and off the road. [Ubisoft]
The Deer God,Xbox One,Action,59,4.1,T,Cinopt Studios LLC,This indie survival 3D platform game from Cresent Moon Games studio showcases a one-of-a-kind 3D pixellated universe.
The Dwarves,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,M,Nordic Games Publishing,NaN
The Elder Scrolls Online: Dark Brotherhood,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,ZeniMax Media,The Dark Brotherhood is looking for a few good killers. Explore the Gold Coast and discover if you have what it takes to join the ranks of Tamriel's master assassins in the Dark Brotherhood DLC game pack. From the port city of Anvil to the Great Cathedral of Kvatch, the business of the Brotherhood consists of murder and mayhem—and business is good! Join the Brotherhood, enter the Sanctuary, and accept your first contract from the mysterious Speaker. Kill well, assassin.
The Elder Scrolls Online: Gold Edition,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,M,ZeniMax Media,In 2015, The Elder Scrolls Online took 20 years of best-selling, award-winning fantasy role-playing games online. Now, with The Elder Scrolls Online: Gold Edition, own the complete story plus four extensive DLC game packs. From Skyrim to Daggerfall, this will be the easiest way to explore all of Tamriel - travel to Abah's Landing to master the art of thievery with the iconic Thieves Guild, become a deadly assassin of the Dark Brotherhood in the Gold Coast, or ride to Wrothgar and aid the Orc King Kurog in rebuilding Orsinium. Adventure through Tamriel alone, with friends or Guild members, or head to Cyrodiil to join thousands of players in an epic player vs player Alliance War. Master any weapon, craft epic armor sets, and customize your abilities to create a character that is truly yours. The choices are yours and the decisions you make will shape your destiny and the persistent world of The Elder Scrolls Online.
The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited,Xbox One,First-Person,77,8.4,M,ZeniMax Media,The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited includes all the gameplay from the original PC/Mac game, plus all the updates and content additions, including the new Justice and Champion systems.  All existing PC/Mac game accounts, open or closed, will be updated to the Tamriel Unlimited edition in March and former players will be invited back to the game at that time to experience all that is new in the world. New players will make a one-time purchase of the game and play, without restrictions, for as long as they like – without game subscription fees. Tamriel Unlimited will be supported with special, optional downloadable content available for purchase and an in-game Crown Store for convenience and customization items. Regular updates and new gameplay will be offered to all players to enjoy free of additional charges. [Bethesda]
The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited - Orsinium,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,3.6,M,ZeniMax Media,Orsinium, ESOTU's largest DLC game pack to date, features a colossal new zone with over 20 hours of story content, a new single-player monster arena, new public dungeons, and much more!
The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited - The Imperial City,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,9.0,M,ZeniMax Media,The Imperial City, located in the heart of the Cyrodiilic Empire, offers hours of new and compelling story content, opportunities to fight enemy alliance players and never-before-seen monsters, two new four-player dungeons, powerful new weapons, armor, and jewelry to earn, and much more—all available starting at level 10.
The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited - Thieves Guild,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,ZeniMax Media,Join the Thieves Guild of Abah's Landing to become the newest recruit in their organization of pickpockets, burglars, robbers, and thieves. The latest DLC game pack for the award-winning The Elder Scrolls Online: Tamriel Unlimited takes you to Hew's Bane – an all new zone to explore in the southern peninsula of Hammerfell. Combined with new story content that will bring you back to all your favorite areas of Tamriel, Thieves Guild offers unexplored delves, powerful group bosses, and much more!
The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim Special Edition,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,6.4,M,Bethesda Game Studios,Skyrim Special Edition brings the epic fantasy to life in detail. The Special Edition includes the game and add-ons with all-new features like remastered art and effects, volumetric god rays, dynamic depth of field, screen-space reflections, and more. Skyrim Special Edition also brings the full power of mods to the PC and Xbox One. New quests, environments, characters, dialogue, armor, weapons and more  with Mods, there are no limits to what you can experience.
The Escapists,Xbox One,Action,74,7.0,T,Mouldy Toof Studios,Plot an intricate prison escape while working within the prison's schedule, creating weapons and tools while not bring suspicion upon yourself from guards.
The Escapists - Alcatraz,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Mouldy Toof Studios,Try to escape from one of the most famous prisons in the world, Alcatraz. Many have tried to Escape. Many have failed. Now is your chance to add your name to this list of famous escape attempts as you try and escape from one of Americas strongest prisons.
The Escapists: The Walking Dead,Xbox One,Action,65,7.4,T,Team 17,The Escapists The Walking Dead is a game where players will don the role of Rick Grimes to keep their fellow survivors safe and plan the perfect escape routes.
The Evil Within,Xbox One,Action Adventure,79,7.3,M,Tango Gameworks,While investigating the scene of a gruesome mass murder, Detective Sebastian Castellanos and his partners encounter a menacing and powerful force. After witnessing the slaughter of fellow officers, Sebastian is ambushed and knocked unconscious. When he awakens, he finds himself in a deranged world where hideous creatures wander among the dead. Facing unimaginable terror, and fighting for survival, Sebastian embarks on a daunting journey to unravel that which is behind this evil force.
The Evil Within: The Assignment,Xbox One,Action Adventure,80,8.8,M,Tango Gameworks,The first of a 2-part, story-driven experience in which players assume the role of detective Juli Kidman, Sebastian Castellanos’ enigmatic partner, in a concurrent story that seeks to answer a few of the questions surrounding her whereabouts during The Evil Within. She will confront disturbing new enemies, discover new mysteries, and reveal new horrors. The Assignment affords fans of The Evil Within the opportunity to discover detective Kidman’s furtive motivations and her opaque connection to Mobius, the shadowy group thought to be behind the gnarly events of The Evil Within. 
The Evil Within: The Consequence,Xbox One,Action Adventure,76,8.5,NaN,Tango Gameworks,This is the final installment of a two-part, story driven experience where players take on the role of detective Juli Kidman, Sebastian Castellanos’ mysterious partner, in a concurrent story that looks to answer some of the questions surrounding her whereabouts during The Evil Within. Along the way she will encounter disturbing new enemies, discover new mysteries, and uncover new horrors.
The Evil Within: The Executioner,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,7.0,NaN,Tango Gameworks,Experience firsthand the powerful force that is The Keeper in The Evil Within: The Executioner. This third and final add-on for The Evil Within places players in a series of battle arenas all from the first-person perspective of The Keeper. Initially armed with The Keepers signature hammer, players will fight against a host of The Evil Withins iconic villains to earn new weapons and upgrades. Set in the Manor House of the Victoriano Estate, The Executioner features first-person melee combat combined with exploration and discovery as players unearth the story of a man forced to become The Keeper.
The Fall,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,6.8,T,Over The Moon,Assume the role of ARID, the artificial intelligence on board a high-tech combat suit. ARID's program activates after crashing on an unknown planet. The human pilot within the combat suit is unconscious, and it is ARID's duty to protect him at all costs! As she progresses into her twisted and hostile surroundings, driven to find medical aid before it is too late, the realities of what transpired on this planet force ARID to reflect upon her own protocols. ARID's journey to save her pilot ultimately challenges the very rules that are driving her. 
The Final Station,Xbox One,Action Adventure,70,tbd,M,tinyBuild, Do My Best Games,Travel by train through a dying world. Look after your passengers, keep your train operational, and make sure you can always reach the next station. Make your way through swarms of infected at each station. Explore mysterious and abandoned stations looking for supplies and survivors.
The Flame in the Flood,Xbox One,Action Adventure,74,5.1,T,The Molasses Flood,A rogue-lite river journey through the backwaters of a forgotten post-societal America. Forage, craft, evade predators. For PC, Mac, and Xbox One.
The Golf Club,Xbox One,Traditional,64,5.3,E,HB Studios Multimedia,The Golf Club is HB Studios' next generation golf simulation. What really takes The Golf Club into the next generation is the procedural generation of courses and depth of social interaction. The Course Creator can generate a brand new course in seconds which can be shared and played immediately online with friends and other gamers across the world. There are also full editing capabilities for courses, Tournaments and Tours. Challenge your friends on a new or existing course in real time or try to beat their best recorded round. Add to this a myriad of stat tracking and personal bests of friends and rivals to beat, notifications, challenges and social media integration.
The Golf Club (Collector's Edition),Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,NaN,NaN
The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing,Xbox One,Role-Playing,59,7.5,T,NeocoreGames,Set in a gothic-noir universe resembling a fantastical 19th century Europe filled with monsters, magic, and weird technology, The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing will follow the son of the famed hunter, known in-game as Van Helsing, in a tale wrought with wry humor and snappy dialogue. Van Helsing, a larger-than-life hero possessing a dark yet romantic charm, will follow his path to the dismal land of Borgovia where former supernatural foes have enlisted his help to defeat a new scourge terrorizing the ravaged Eastern European city. With an assortment of extraordinary characters, an engrossing storyline, and a beautifully dark and gothic art style, The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing looks to bring RPG enthusiasts an anachronistic adventure like no other.
The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing II,Xbox One,Role-Playing,66,tbd,T,NeocoreGames,The incredible adventures continue, and Van Helsing, the famous monster-hunter returns to save the day again with the help of his charming, ghostly companion, Lady Katarina. The gothic metropolis of weird science is on the brink of destruction as chaos rules the streets and a new enemy plots revenge. It’s time to enter the dark side of Borgova and the forbidden wilderness, but beware: you are not the only one behind a mask.
The Incredible Adventures of Van Helsing II: Extended Edition,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,NaN,NeocoreGames,NaN
The Jackbox Party Pack,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,78,8.0,T,Jackbox Games, Inc.,For 1-100 players! Your phones or tablets are your controllers! The team behind YOU DONT KNOW JACK presents FIVE guffaw-inducing party games in one pack! Games include: 1) The comedy trivia sensation YOU DONT NOW JACK 2015 (1-4 players) with hundreds of all-new questions. 2) The hilarious bluffing game Fibbage XL (2-8 players), with 50% more questions added to the original hit game Fibbage. 3) The bizarre drawing game Drawful (3-8 players) - you draw right there on your phone or tablet (very little/no real skill required). 4) The racy-as-you-want-to-be fill-in-the-blank word game Word Spud (2-8 players). 5) The wacky-fact-filled Lie Swatter (1-100 players). Players play using their phones, tablets, or even computers as controllers  making it the perfect easy-in entertainment piece for your next game night or party. Once a game is started from the in-pack menu, players simply connect to the jackbox.tv web address on their device and then enter the on-screen room code to enter a game. No big mess of controllers needed! Youre gonna need more than one party for this. Note: The games included in this pack are in English only.
The Jackbox Party Pack 2,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,80,tbd,T,Jackbox Games, Inc.,The pack of games is headlined by Fibbage 2. A brand new version of Fibbage with hundreds of all new questions — over twice as many as the original Fibbage.
The Jackbox Party Pack 3,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,Jackbox Games, Inc.,NaN
The Legend of Korra,Xbox One,Action Adventure,49,6.2,T,PlatinumGames,Only one human born every generation, the Avatar, can bend the four elements of nature to their will. The Legend of Korra is a third-person action game that follows the current reincarnation of the Avatar – Korra – a headstrong teenage girl chosen by fate to bring balance to the powers of the world.
The LEGO Movie Videogame,Xbox One,Action Adventure,69,6.9,E10+,TT Games,In a scenario drawn from the film, The LEGO Movie Videogame puts LEGO kids into the role of Emmet, an ordinary, rules-following, perfectly average LEGO minifigure who is mistakenly identified as the most extraordinary person and the key to saving the world. Players guide him as he is drafted into a fellowship of strangers on an epic quest to stop an evil tyrant, a journey for which Emmet is hopelessly and hilariously underprepared.
The Living Dungeon,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,63,tbd,T,RadiationBurn,Bring the excitement of playing a dungeon tournament board game to your screen, in beautiful gruesome detail. There really is nothing quite like The Living Dungeon. Up to 9 players can take part in a battle of wits, luck and skulduggery. Survive other adventurers, monsters, and the dungeon itself through combat, agility or dungeon manipulation. Only the strongest, fastest and smartest survive.
The Long Dark,Xbox One,Simulation,No score yet,tbd,T,Hinterland,NaN
The Magic Circle: Gold Edition,Xbox One,Adventure,78,tbd,M,Question,NaN
The Park,Xbox One,Action Adventure,61,6.7,M,Funcom,Lorraine is a single mother who has to locate her missing son, Callum, who has run into an amusement park called Atlantic Island Park just as it was closing for the day. Although she can occasionally hear him calling for her, she is unable to immediately locate him and she soon finds that park has closed down despite her remaining inside. As she travels through the park calling for her son Callum, Lorraine begins to find notes and flyers that hint at the disturbing past of the park.
The Peanuts Movie: Snoopy's Grand Adventure,Xbox One,Action,60,tbd,E,Activision, Behaviour Interactive,In The Peanuts Movie: Snoopy’s Grand Adventure, Snoopy explores the fantastical worlds of his imagination to track down Charlie Brown and his friends in an intricate game of hide-and-seek.
The Pinball Arcade,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,7.9,E10+,Farsight Studios,The Pinball Arcade franchise includes real tables from Bally, Williams, Gottlieb and Stern, many of which feature well-known licensed themes.  Two new tables will be released every month as downloadable content. Every new table will be available in trial mode, absolutely free.
The Pure Bundle,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,T,VooFoo Studios,NaN
The Solus Project,Xbox One,Action,69,5.8,T,Grip Games,NaN
The Swapper,Xbox One,Action,92,7.4,E10+,Facepalm Games,The Swapper features a unique art style that uses real-world clay-models and found objects to create an explorable space station realised in unique detail; gameplay sees players swap between different bodies to achieve otherwise impossible tasks. The game has won awards from IndieCade, Develop and Freeplay, and been a finalist in many more.
The Swindle,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Size Five Games,The Swindle is a platforming, action and stealth game set in a Victorian Steampunk world.
The Technomancer,Xbox One,Role-Playing,68,7.4,M,Spiders,Spiders are back with The Technomancer, a new post-apocalyptic RPG set in a cyberpunk world for PlayStation 4, Xbox One and PC set on Mars during the War of Water, where an aspiring Technomancer faces a myriad of questions as his future grows threatened by the secrets of his past.
The Turing Test,Xbox One,Action,80,7.9,T,Bulkhead Interactive,The Turing Test is a challenging first-person puzzle game set on Jupiter’s moon, Europa. Assume the role of Ava Turing, an engineer for the International Space Agency (ISA) sent to discover the cause behind the disappearance of the ground crew stationed there. 
The Walking Dead: A Telltale Games Series - The Complete First Season,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,8.3,M,Telltale Games,A five-part game series set in the same universe as Robert Kirkmans award-winning series. Play as Lee Everett, a convicted criminal, who has been given a second chance at life in a world devastated by the undead. Experience events, meet people and visit locations that foreshadow the story of Deputy Sheriff Rick Grimes. A tailored game experience  actions, choices and decisions affect how your story plays out across the entire series. The downloadable version of this game supports English, French, Italian, German, Spanish
The Walking Dead: Michonne - A Telltale Miniseries,Xbox One,Adventure,No score yet,tbd,NaN,Skybound LLC,he Walking Dead: Michonne - A Telltale Miniseries stars the iconic, blade-wielding character from Robert Kirkman's best-selling comic books, portrayed in-game by award-winning actress Samira Wiley. Haunted by her past, and coping with unimaginable loss and regret, the story explores Michonne's absence between issues #126 and #139 of the comic book. Over the three episodes of the miniseries, players will discover what took Michonne away from Rick, Ezekiel, and the rest of her trusted group... and what brought her back.
The Walking Dead: Michonne - Episode 1: In Too Deep,Xbox One,Adventure,65,7.2,M,Skybound LLC,In this premiere episode, 'In Too Deep,' Michonne joins Pete and his crew on the sailing ship The Companion as they cruise the coast for survivors and supplies. When a desperate signal for help draws them to a scene of horrific massacre, Michonne and the crew are lead further to the floating survivors' colony of Monroe, which may just be harboring the person responsible for the carnage. [TellTale Games]
The Walking Dead: Michonne - Episode 2: Give No Shelter,Xbox One,Adventure,78,6.3,M,Telltale Games,Surrounded by the dead and mistrustful of the living, you – as Michonne - will choose how the story flows through the choices you make, in this three-part episodic miniseries. 
The Walking Dead: Michonne - Episode 3: What We Deserve,Xbox One,Adventure,73,7.5,M,Telltale Games,The season finale.
The Walking Dead: Season Two - A Telltale Games Series,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,7.9,M,Telltale Games,The sequel to 2012's Game of the Year continues the story of Clementine, a young girl orphaned by the undead apocalypse. Left to fend for herself, she has been forced to learn how to survive in an unforgiving world. Experience what its like to play as Clementine, meet new survivors, explore new locations and make gruesome decisions in this five-part game series of choice and consequence. The downloadable version of this game supports English, French, Portuguese, German, Spanish.
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt,Xbox One,Role-Playing,91,9.2,M,CD Projekt Red Studio,With the Empire attacking the Kingdoms of the North and the Wild Hunt, a cavalcade of ghastly riders,  breathing down your neck, the only way to survive is to fight back. As Geralt of Rivia, a master swordsman and monster hunter, leave none of your enemies standing. Explore a gigantic open world, slay beasts and decide the fates of whole communities with your actions, all in a genuine next generation format.
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Blood and Wine,Xbox One,Role-Playing,94,8.5,M,CD Projekt Red Studio,This expansion pack is an old-school add on with 20 hours of new adventures, where players will travel to the land of Toussaint.
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Complete Edition,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,8.7,M,CD Projekt Red Studio,The Complete Edition includes The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt, all 16 DLC packs, and two Expansion Packs: Hearts of Stone & Blood and Wine.
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Hearts of Stone,Xbox One,Role-Playing,90,9.1,M,CD Projekt Red Studio,Hearts of Stone features over ten hours of new adventures and introduces new characters, powerful monsters, unique romance, and an entirely new storyline shaped by gamer choices. The expansion also introduces a new system of Runewords that significantly affects gameplay. Each Runeword impacts a different aspect of in-game mechanics and allows the players to experiment with various strategies and tactics. [CD Projekt]
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - New Quest: 'Contract: Missing Miners',Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,M,CD Projekt,NaN
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - New Quest: 'Contract: Skellige's Most Wanted',Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,M,CD Projekt,NaN
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - New Quest: 'Fool's Gold',Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,M,CD Projekt,NaN
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - New Quest: 'Scavenger Hunt: Wolf School Gear',Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,M,CD Projekt,NaN
The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - New Quest: 'Where the Cat and Wolf Play...',Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,tbd,M,CD Projekt,NaN
The Witness,Xbox One,Adventure,86,7.3,E,Thekla, Inc,You wake up, alone, on a strange island full of puzzles that will challenge and surprise you. You don't remember who you are, and you don't remember how you got here, but there's one thing you can do: explore the island in hope of discovering clues, regaining your memory, and somehow finding your way home. The Witness is a single-player game in an open world with dozens of locations to explore and over 500 puzzles. This game respects you as an intelligent player and it treats your time as precious. There's no filler each of those puzzles brings its own new idea into the mix. So, this is a game full of ideas.
The Wolf Among Us,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,8.5,M,Telltale Games,Based on the award-winning Fables comic book series by Bill Willingham (published by DC Comics' Vertigo imprint), The Wolf Among Us is a dark, often brutally violent, and mature take on the characters and creatures of fairytale and legend. A five episode series from the creators of the 2012 Game of the Year: The Walking Dead, the player will experience what it's like to be Bigby Wolf (THE Big Bad Wolf), Sheriff of Fabletown.
The World II Hunting BOSS,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,T,Guangzhou Good Games Network,NaN
Thief,Xbox One,Action Adventure,69,5.9,M,Eidos Montreal,Garrett, the Master Thief, steps out of the shadows into the City. In this treacherous place, where the Baron’s Watch spreads a rising tide of fear and oppression, his skills are the only things he can trust. Even the most cautious citizens and their best- guarded possessions are not safe from his reach. As an uprising emerges, Garrett finds himself entangled in growing layers of conflict. Lead by Orion, the voice of the people, the tyrannized citizens will do everything they can to claim back the City from the Baron’s grasp. The revolution is inevitable. If Garrett doesn’t get involved, the streets will run red with blood and the City will tear itself apart.
This War of Mine: The Little Ones,Xbox One,Strategy,78,7.2,M,11 bit studios,This War of Mine: The Little Ones explores the hardships of wartime survival as seen from an entirely new perspective; that of a child.
Thomas Was Alone,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,6.6,E,Mike Bithell,Thomas won't be entirely alone, he'll be joined throughout by the awesome Mr Danny Wallace (XFM, Yes Man and Assassin's Creed) who will be narrating his adventures.
Three Fourths Home: Extended Edition,Xbox One,Adventure,64,3.3,M,[bracket]games,In her mid-20's, Kelly has been forced to move back to Nebraska. Back to that flat expanse, that seemingly endless sea of rustling cornstalks peppered by rusty silos and rustier towns. A typically intense Midwestern storm is approaching while Kelly is out; she has to get home. In the 20 miles between her grandparents' crumbling barn and her parents' house, she receives a phone call from her mother. Assume the role of Kelly during her drive through the storm in Three Fourths Home: Extended Edition. While driving through a stylized representation of rural Nebraska, players navigate an extended conversation between Kelly and her parents and younger brother. Through dialogue choice and simple driving mechanics, this critically-acclaimed visual short story explores a specific moment of these characters' lives and their relationships with one another. The Extended Edition of Three Fourths Home includes an epilogue that expands on the story of the main game. Set at a bus stop in snowy Minnesota, this epilogue examines Kelly's past as well as the effects that the events of the main story have had on her.
Threes!,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,6.8,E,Hidden Variable Studios,A puzzler that grows in you with it's unique and endearing audio.
Tiny Troopers: Joint Ops,Xbox One,Action,62,5.0,T,Kukouri Mobile Entertainment,Fire yourself into an epic bite-sized arcade shooter, filled to the brim with action-packed mini maps of mayhem. Miniature warfare on a massive scale. Take control of your tiny troopers as you battle evil adversaries from around the world with a multitude of weapons and specialist soldiers. Collect medals, dog tags and intel during the course of each mission to ensure victory.
Titanfall,Xbox One,Action,86,6.4,M,Respawn Entertainment,Crafted by one of the co-creators of Call of Duty and other key developers behind the Call of Duty franchise, Titanfall, with its advanced combat techniques, gives you the freedom to fight your way as both elite assault Pilot and fast, heavily armored Titan. The experience combines fast-paced multiplayer action with the dramatically charged moments of a cinematic universe.
Titanfall 2,Xbox One,Action,91,7.3,M,Respawn Entertainment,In single player, Titanfall 2 delivers a crafted experience that explores the unique bond between man and machine. Playable offline, the single player campaign in Titanfall 2 lets fans step out onto The Frontier as a Militia rifleman with aspirations of becoming an elite Pilot. Stranded behind enemy lines and facing overwhelming odds, players must team up with a veteran Titan to uphold a mission they were never meant to carry out. In multiplayer, Respawn is continuing to evolve their gameplay to provide a more robust experience that delivers expanded depth and variety that includes six new Titans, deeper Pilot abilities, more customization options, and a robust progression system that is sure to satisfy fans. [Electronic Arts]
Titanfall: Expedition,Xbox One,Action,73,4.7,M,Respawn Entertainment,Titanfall: Expedition introduces three new maps to the Frontier – Runoff, Swampland and War Games.
Titanfall: Frontier's Edge,Xbox One,Action,75,5.9,NaN,Respawn Entertainment,Entitled Frontier's Edge, the DLC features three new maps for Titanfall: Dig Site, an isolated mining outpost, Haven, an exclusive beach resort, and Export, a mining hub on the side of a mountain.
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Wildlands,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Ubisoft Paris,Taking place a few years into the future, Ghost Recon Wildlands empowers players to lead a team of Ghosts, a four-player U.S. Elite Special Operations unit, on a covert mission to destroy the Santa Blanca drug cartel, an underworld force and growing global threat within Ubisoft’s imagining of a beautiful, yet dangerous Bolivia. With hundreds of villages and well-known landmarks, local legends and various factions and regions, players venture into a vast world with which to interact and explore. The Ghosts’ upgradable skills, along with a vast arsenal of weapons, vehicles and drones, help them defeat their almighty enemy. Gamers can play the entire game solo or they join up with as many as three friends in co-op to roam freely in this vast playground. [Ubisoft]
Ultratron,Xbox One,Action,74,6.3,E,Puppy Games,Experience the gameplay of old-school arcade standards, updated for the 21st century. Unique retro-futuristic sound and graphics, player responsive difficulty, and a subtle system of tactics combined with classic gameplay make Ultratron a hypnotic arcade game. The last human has been slain by evil killer robots. You are the one remaining humanoid battle droid. Your mission: avenge the human race. Boost your battledroid with powerups, buy cute but deadly pets in the shop. Blast your way through 40+ glowing neon levels, avoiding Chasers, Turrets, Spawners, Minelayers, bombs, and bullets, and take on the four giant boss 'bots of the Apocalypse - Ieiunitas, Bellum, Lues and Letum.
Unepic,Xbox One,Action,75,6.3,T,EnjoyUp Games,Unepic is a combination of platforming and role playing games. There are many hilarious references throughout the game. The game takes place in Harnakon, a huge medieval castle. It is set in the hardcore NES Style, yet refined with the latest features. This makes Unepic a very unique game.
Unmechanical: Extended Edition,Xbox One,Action,66,7.8,E,Grip Games,Set in a fantastic world of flesh, rock and steel, a little robot is trapped in an underground complex. His journey to freedom will require you to solve a great variety of puzzling challenges. And while the game is easy to pick up and play, many of the challenges will test your logic, memory and wits.
Unnamed Fiasco,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,tbd,E10+,Unnamed Fiasco Team,Unnamed Fiasco is a local multiplayer game where your mistakes can help you. Every time your character dies, a new clone is created to help you by repeating your past lives actions. Face your friends on intense couch multiplayer matches or go solo on tons of action-puzzle challenges.
Uno,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,57,6.7,E,Ubisoft Chengdu,Uno makes its return to consoles and PC with an assortment of exciting features such as added video chat support and an all new theme system which adds more fun to enjoy your Uno game!
Unravel,Xbox One,Action,75,8.4,E,Coldwood Interactive,Yarny's mission is to mend broken bonds and the yarn represents the love and connection between people. The player will use Yarny's thread to do things such as swinging across gaps or rappelling down trees. Te game will also challenge gamers to use the thread in clever and creative ways. [Electronic Arts]
Valentino Rossi The Game,Xbox One,Racing,74,8.1,E,Milestone S.r.l,A videogame entirely dedicated to the career of Valentino Rossi, the 9 time World Champion. Experience the career of Valentino from his perspective in a series of 20 challenges from his first race in 1996 up to 2015. Jump into a new career starting at the VR|46 Academy and taking you up to World Champion. During the championship, Valentino will ask you to take part in different events like drifting, flat, R1M-only races, and rally in order to improve his abilities. 
Valhalla Hills: Definitive Edition,Xbox One,Strategy,No score yet,NaN,T,Kalypso,NaN
Valiant Hearts: The Great War,Xbox One,Action,81,8.0,T,Ubisoft Montpellier,The story of crossed destinies and a broken love in a world torn apart. All of them will try to survive the horror of the trenches following their faithful canine companion. In Valiant Hearts: The Great War, the lives of all these characters are inextricably drawn together over the course of the game. Friendship, love, sacrifice, and tragedy befall each one as they help each other to retain their humanity against the horrors of war. 
Valley,Xbox One,Action Adventure,68,7.9,T,Blue Isle Studios,Explore the vast and beautiful game world of Valley using the power of the L.E.A.F. SUIT: a fierce exoskeleton that grants exceptional speed and agility along with the phenomenal ability to manipulate the life and death of all living things.
Velocity 2X,Xbox One,Action,84,7.3,E10+,FuturLab,Engage the Quarp Drive teleport to outsmart the enemy in race-tuned space combat, then dock your ship, jump out and run around on foot to infiltrate enemy bases. Once youve disabled internal defences, jump back into the Quarp Jet and continue your mission.
VIDEOBALL,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,tbd,E,Action Button Entertainment,VIDEOBALL is an abstract minimalist electronic sport. It is casual in that it uses only one stick and one button and you can play it while hanging out with your friends who do not normally play games. It is hardcore in that if you are good at it you and your opponents will scream and you will scream too, because your opponents are screaming.
Vikings: Wolves of Midgard,Xbox One,Role-Playing,No score yet,NaN,NaN,Games Farm,NaN
Virginia,Xbox One,Adventure,80,7.0,M,505 Games,Virginia is a single-player first-person thriller set in a small town with a secret. Experience a missing person’s investigation through the eyes of graduate FBI agent Anne Tarver.
Voice Commander,Xbox One,Strategy,No score yet,tbd,E,Microsoft Foundry Intern Program,NaN
Volgarr the Viking,Xbox One,Action,77,6.2,T,Crazy Viking Studios,Volgarr the Viking features simple controls, steep challenge, and meticulous design - combined with hand-made pixel animation, an epic soundtrack, and buckets of blood. 
Warframe,Xbox One,Action,62,6.3,M,Digital Extremes,Set in the far reaches of outer space during a new Dark Age, WARFRAME introduces the Tenno, a race on the brink of extinction after being enslaved by the Grineer for centuries. Players enter WARFRAME on the cusp of the Grineer's victory over the Tenno until they begin to arm themselves with WARFRAMES - an ancient exo-skeletal technology only they can operate. Hidden within the Orokin Derelicts of a lost civilization, new WARFRAMES lie dormant and undiscovered.  These artifacts are the Tenno's only hope for survival.
Warhammer: End Times - Vermintide,Xbox One,Action,78,8.7,M,Fatshark AB, Nordic Games Publishing,Vermintide is an epic co-operative action combat adventure set in the End Times of the iconic Warhammer Fantasy world.
Warriors Orochi 3 Ultimate,Xbox One,Action,73,7.2,T,Omega Force,Fans will experience WARRIORS OROCHI 3 in a brand new light as they enter the fray with the implementation of new generation console features, new storylines and scenarios.
Wasteland 2: Director's Cut,Xbox One,Role-Playing,77,7.1,M,InXile Entertainment,Wasteland 2 is the direct sequel to the first ever post-apocalyptic computer RPG. The original Wasteland was the inspiration for the FALLOUT series of games, and the first RPG to allow players to split parties for tactical considerations, to face players with moral choices, and to make them deal with the consequences of their actions. It was the first to provide far more than the one-key-for-one-lock style of puzzle solving. It was groundbreaking, which is why IGN named it one of the top 25 PC games of all time, Computer Gaming World named it the Adventure Game of the year in 1988, and it was short-listed for inclusion in the Smithsonian Institutions current Art of the Computer Game exhibition.
Watch Dogs,Xbox One,Action Adventure,78,5.8,M,Ubisoft Montreal,In the modern uber-connected world, Chicago has the nation's most advanced and integrated computer system – one which controls almost every facet of city technology and maintains critical information on all of the city's residents. You assume the role of Aiden Pearce, a notorious hacker and former thug, whose criminal past lead to a violent family tragedy. Now on the hunt for those people who have hurt your family, you will be able to monitor and hack all who surround you while manipulating the city's systems to stop traffic lights, download personal information, manipulate the electrical grid and more. Use the entire city of Chicago as your personal weapon and exact your signature brand of revenge.
Watch Dogs 2,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,NaN,M,Ubisoft Montreal,Check out the birthplace of the tech revolution as Marcus Holloway, a brilliant young hacker who has fallen victim to ctOS 2.0's predictive algorithms and accused of a crime he did not commit. In Marcus' mission to shut down ctOS 2.0 for good, hacking is his ultimate weapon.  Players not only can hack into the San Francisco Bay Area's infrastructure, but also into every person and any connected device they possess to trigger unpredictable chains of events in this vast open world. 
Watch Dogs: Bad Blood,Xbox One,Action Adventure,77,5.6,M,Ubisoft Montreal,Assume the role of T-Bone Grady, the legendary and eccentric hacker and Aiden Pearce's trusted comrade. Now on the run from Blume, T-Bone must make the decision to run and start a new life or fight Blume to save an old friend. Face your shady past on your road to redemption. [Ubisoft]
Watch Dogs: Complete Edition,Xbox One,Action Adventure,No score yet,6.6,NaN,Ubisoft,NaN
WE ARE DOOMED,Xbox One,Action,58,tbd,E,Vertex Pop,WE ARE DOOMED is a twin-stick shooter where you zap polygon baddies with an absurdly overpowered laserbeam. Dive head-first into the action with reckless ambition, charge the SUPERBEAM, and zap everything out of existence in an instant. Chase high scores or just enjoy the beautiful explosion of geometry, color and light. Pure arcade action. No cutscenes, storylines, or lengthy tutorials. An overpowered laserbeam weapon, and the more ridiculous SUPERBEAM. Waves mode: 30 waves that range from chill to hyper-intense. Endless mode: An endless barrage of baddies. How many zones can you survive? Quick to start, and quick to restart for "just one more" game. A vibrant world of neon colors, bold shapes, and glitching geometry. A beautiful, chill, and occasionally glitchy soundscape.
We Sing,Xbox One,Action,No score yet,NaN,T,Nordic Games Publishing,NaN
Whispering Willows,Xbox One,Adventure,57,6.6,T,Abstraction Games, Night Light Interactive,In Whispering Willows, the player takes on the role of Elena, a determined young girl with the extraordinary ability to project her spirit outside of her body. In her spectral form, Elena can interact with the benevolent spirits and wicked wraiths that used to dwell within the walls of the sinister Willows Mansion - lost souls, stuck in time and space, who hold the secrets that Elena will need to traverse the terrifying old manor. Players need to make use of Elenas corporeal and ethereal forms to overcome obstacles, solve the riddles of the mansions enigmatic specters, and find Elenas lost father.
White Night,Xbox One,Action,61,7.7,M,OSome Studio,Explore the macabre past of an aging mansion in the 1930's and solve puzzles of light and shadows in this fully black & white survival horror. Players are trapped in this nightmare where darkness is a persistent threat.
Wolfenstein: Complete Edition,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,No score yet,tbd,NaN,MachineGames,Get the complete Wolfenstein experience with this limited time bundle featuring both the award winning Wolfenstein: The New Order and the new exciting prequel adventure, Wolfenstein: The Old Blood.
Wolfenstein: The New Order,Xbox One,Action,79,7.8,M,MachineGames,1946: Europe. World War II rages on across Europe. Where the Allies once pressed advantage, the Nazi forces have turned the tide in dramatic fashion behind the technologically advanced war machine of General Wilhelm Strasse, aka Deathshead. When a final Allied assault on Deathshead's compound fails, the Allies’ greatest hope falls with it. 1960: Europe. The war is over. And the Nazis are triumphant victors. Using unrelenting force and brutal intimidation, the Nazis have brought even the most powerful nations to their knees. The Nazi regime now rules the globe with an iron fist. You are Captain B.J. Blazkowicz, the American War Hero. After delving into this world of darkness, you must launch an impossible counter-offensive against the monstrous Nazi regime. Only you dare stand up against an unstoppable army of Nazi robots and hulking Super Soldiers. Only you can stop Deathshead. Only you can rewrite history.
Wolfenstein: The Old Blood,Xbox One,Action,75,8.0,NaN,MachineGames,It's 1946 and the Nazis are on the verge of winning WWII. In attmepting to turn the tide in the allies’ favor, B.J. Blazkowicz has to embark on an epic, two-part mission deep within Bavaria… Part one of Wolfenstein: The Old Blood - Rudi Jäger and the Den of Wolves - pits BJ Blazkowicz against a notorious prison warden as he breaks into Castle Wolfenstein in an attempt to steal the coordinates to General Deathshead’s compound. In the second part – The Dark Secrets of Helga Von Schabbs – our hero's search for the coordinates leads him to the city of Wulfburg where an obsessed Nazi archaeologist is exhuming enigmatic artifacts that threaten to unleash a dark and ancient power.
Wondershot,Xbox One,Action,65,tbd,E10+,Leikir Studio,Wondershot is a local multiplayer battle arena. You have only one ammo and one life to defeat your opponent. If you miss your shot, your ammo will be lost on the map and you need to pick it up without dying. You can play 1 to 4 players. Each round, your weapon changes and the map does too.
World of Tanks,Xbox One,Action,76,6.1,T,Wargaming.net,World of Tanks on Xbox One features hundreds of tanks recreated in realistic detail, presented in high-definition. The title also features a number of firsts, including cross-platform gameplay-bridging battles between Xbox 360 and Xbox One players, shared progress and content between the two platforms through a single Xbox Live account, an all-new “Proving Grounds” Player versus Environment (PvE) mode, full social and streaming support offered by the Xbox One platform, and more.
Worms Battlegrounds,Xbox One,Strategy,70,6.4,E10+,Team 17,Worms Battlegrounds features an extensive single player campaign covering 25 story missions and 10 “Worm-Ops” time-attack missions, which are set across five stunning environments (Inca, Viking, Feudal Japan and Industrial Revolution) with new day-to-night lighting transitions. 
Worms W.M.D,Xbox One,Strategy,75,8.1,E10+,Team 17,With a hand-drawn 2D look, brand new weapons, the introduction of crafting, vehicles and buildings plus the return of some classic weapons and gameplay, Worms W.M.D is back.
WRC 5,Xbox One,Racing,70,6.0,E,Kylotonn, Milestone S.r.l,Even if some basic configurations are available for the players to quickly start the stages, you can also manually regulate your entire vehicle. Suspensions, brakes, ride height, there are more than 20 parameters available on which you can interfere to regulate perfectly your driving style.
WRC 6: FIA World Rally Championship,Xbox One,Racing,68,tbd,E,Kylotonn,All 14 rounds of the 2016 WRC season, including for the first time Rally China; All the star WRC drivers and also a wide selection of WRC 2 teams and competitors from the Junior WRC category eSports WRC, the first international online competition of the WRC, which was launched in January 2016 with WRC 5, will continue in WRC 6.
WWE 2K15,Xbox One,Action,56,5.7,T,Yuke's,For the first time, guide your custom Superstar through an authentic WWE career in the MyCareer Mode. From NXT to RAW, make your way up to the WWE Championship and live the life of an actual WWE Superstar.  By using new motion capture technology, 2K15 includes many more new animations than any previous WWE title. The game also includes a new chain wrestling system.
WWE 2K15: NXT Arrival,Xbox One,Sports,No score yet,tbd,T,Yuke's,Play as some of the brightest Superstars to ever step foot in an NXT ring with the all new NXT ArRIVAL pack! The future starts now with playable NXT characters such as Adam Rose, Konnor and Viktor of The Ascension, NXT Diva Emma and Former WWE Champion and Monday Night Raw Announcer JBL!
WWE 2K16,Xbox One,Action,72,5.7,T,Yuke's,Offering more than 120 unique playable characters, including cover Superstar Stone Cold Steve Austin alongside Seth Rollins, Daniel Bryan, Dean Ambrose, Bad News Barrett, Paige and Finn Bálor, WWE 2K16 includes the largest roster in WWE games history. The roster contains a combination of current WWE Superstars and Divas, emerging NXT talent, WWE Hall of Famers and WWE alumni from multiple eras.
WWE 2K17,Xbox One,Sports,72,6.2,T,Yuke's,Features thousands of new moves and animations, backstage and in-arena brawling, and the biggest roster of WWE and NXT Superstars and Legends to date. Now more than ever, you will feel like you are commanding an actual WWE broadcast! POWERFUL CREATION SUITE. Create and develop your custom WWE with the deepest Creation Suite to date, featuring new creation options such as Create a Video and Create a Victory. New features and additional content allow you to create custom Superstars, Arenas, and Championships. The power is in your hands to create your WWE. MyCAREER AND WWE UNIVERSE WITH NEW PROMO ENGINE. The all-new Promo Engine brings the drama and personality of the WWE Superstars to life in MyCAREER and WWE Universe modes. Choose your words wisely and smack talk your opponents, start rivalries or form alliances. Your words will shape your characters as they rise through the ranks of NXT and WWE, to become WWE Hall of Famers. [2K Sports]
Xbox Fitness,Xbox One,Miscellaneous,71,6.0,E,Sumo Digital,Introducing the future of fitness. Experience what the publisher promises to be the world’s best workouts with instant, personalized feedback, right in your home on Xbox Fitness. Train with Jillian Michaels, Tracy Anderson, P90X, Insanity and more. Optimize every workout with immediate feedback on your form, power and heart rate with the all new Kinect, featuring Muscle Mapping, Power Gauge, and Pulse. Plus, feed your motivation with social challenges. Unlimited access is yours for free with an Xbox Live Gold membership for a limited time. Only on Xbox One.
Xbox One,Xbox One,Hardware,No score yet,6.5,NaN,Microsoft Game S